Beats in the hood.
What it do, baby? How we doing? What it
do, baby? This your boy N.O.R.E. What
up? It's DJ EFN. And this Drink Champs
[__] YAPPY HOUR. MAKE SOME
NOISE!
NOW, WHEN WE TALK ABOUT, YOU KNOW,
interviewing legends and interviewing
icons and interviewing people who
changed the game, this man has been a
part of, you know, a album that changed
my life. This man has been classic after
classic.
You know what I mean? Uh lyrical after
I'm listening to his discography, you
can't find a whack bar nowhere.
Like when you talk about lyricism, you
talk about a man who stood the test of
time.
Did it. Was a part of the most legendary
group ever.
And we going to talk about that.
He is here.
New album on the way. Or probably out by
the time we drop this.
In case you don't know, we talking ABOUT
THE ONE, THE ONLY SOSA AZ.
NOW, WE'VE BEEN TRYING TO GET YOU FOR 8
YEARS, MAN. You are one of the most
requested guest. That's real. They mad
at us. They They mad that we been
stopping you. No, IT'S MY FAULT.
CUZ EVERY TIME WE GET A GUEST AND
THEY'LL SAY, "WELL, you ain't get AZ
yet." So, tell us what's been going on
in in your life, eh? Oh, man. Just
trying to figure it out, you know what I
mean? Just to step back for a few years,
you know, and and and and watch the game
transition to this technology thing, you
know, with the social media and um
and putting a few songs out waiting to
get into the right mind frame to put
albums out. So, 2021 I dropped Doe or
Die 2. That was a great thing for me.
And now I'm on the next album. Yeah. And
and this is independent? All
independent. Facts. Yeah.
What's the difference from you because
um
you know
first time we ever heard you, we heard
you on Life's a [__] on on Nas'
Illmatic, which was a major label. Then
I believe, if I'm not if I'm incorrect,
I believe you signed to EMI after that?
Facts.
So so tell us tell us what was that
transition like? Um
Uh well, me me
I wasn't trying to get on. I just met
Nas through a phone call, you know what
I mean? That's crazy.
Yambo, rest in peace. My man his man
your my man in Brooklyn better than your
man in Queens type of thing, right? So,
we was on the phone. I think Aq was on
the phone. It was a lot of rappers. And
me and and Nas kind of more or less
clicked, so we was talking that [__]
you know what I mean? And we stayed on
the phone.
I necessarily wasn't looking for a deal.
I was like if it happened, it happened,
you know what I mean? And um
it took about a year before I saw Nas
and and and went to the studio.
And he was halfway through Illmatic. And
I was just there supporting, you know
what I mean? Coming through showing love
and um
probably the last song was Life's a
[__] And and and LES was in there
putting it on and I'm in there vibing
and I'm like
I'm rapping. He like, "Yo, let me hear
that." And I did it. And I'm like, "Get
the [__] out of here, man. You popping."
Like they you large, right? Already cuz
I think Halftime was out. You know, me,
I'm not that confident at the end of the
day. So, when I did it, you know, the
crew was in there, they went crazy. I I
figured it's just, you know, they
showing love cuz I'm there or whatever.
A week a week later um he came back and
said, "Yo, I turned the album in." I was
like, "World, uh" He's like, "And I kept
Life's a [__] on it."
I was like, "Oh, [__] Okay."
But I still felt the way. I'm like, "You
know, I didn't even like my voice at the
time or whatever, right?" You when you
hear yourself for the first time. But
when it came out
[__] went crazy.
That [__] hit. Yeah, it went crazy. And
then wait wait but then from there every
label came at me. Yeah, yeah.
Every label but So, I was trying to
figure it out. EMI didn't have a lot of
artists there. I think they had Gang
Starr at the time, you know what I mean?
And Gang Starr, you know, they they they
they they put their work in, but I know
it wasn't like cluttered. So, I wanted
to come over there
and be like the nucleus of what was
going on. So, um I signed with them and
and and there you have it. Okay, so what
what let's all right, so you saying that
this started from a phone call? Like
like just playing around? Like, "Yo, my
man from Brooklyn nice and your man from
Queens." But
you hadn't you hadn't laid verses prior
to that?
I was I was never was in a official
studio. Like I bullshitted here and
there, you know what I mean?
Get the [__] out of here. Did you
consider yourself an MC? Like you were
just
you were just bullshitting. We all love
rap, you know what I mean? I'm sure
everybody in here think they could rap,
you know what I mean? So, I thought I
could rap. I wasn't
I mean, you you was you different, man.
You a little different than Now now in
hindsight, but then nah. I I was like,
"Get the nah." You got to you got to
understand Halftime is out. He's already
the streets talking.
I'm just a [__] from Brooklyn,
you know what I mean? Trying to figure
it out. So, it was good when when when I
did get the love. Right.
So, I knew I had what it took, you know
what I mean? At the end of the day.
Okay.
So, you hadn't really officially been in
the in the studio. You hadn't really
He said he he he he invites you to the
studio. Y'all hadn't met each other
prior to that. NAH NAH, ACTUALLY
CHECK IT OUT. SO, IT'D BEEN LIKE A YEAR,
YOU KNOW, NAS LIKE, "YO, MAN, you know,
this is hypothetical. My brother got
shot." I'm like, "Damn, my man just got
shot." "Yo, my other man got locked up."
"Yo, my other man got killed." So, we
had the same similar stories, you know
what I mean? So,
I wasn't beat to go to studio. I don't I
don't you know, I just ain't give a
[__] you know what I mean? Um
so I guess like it had to be about a
year about He like, "Yo, man, we at at
Chung King when I was down on Canal
Street." Oh yeah, Canal Street. Yeah
yeah, so um I was like, "Fuck it. I
ain't doing nothing. I'mma come
through." And I you know, I went
through. You know, there a thousand
[__] in there, but it was all good and
and it was a good vibe cuz when I saw
him, I was like This your first time
meeting. It's my first time meeting. He
my height, my stature, fly [__] bunch
of wolves around us. It was like, you
know what I mean?
It was like, "Oh, okay. He he That's
like my brother, you know what I mean?"
And it it it was good vibes. All right.
You got the drink set up? Yeah.
And me and my This is my man Dre. We
battle on who who who can quote the best
vocals. So, I'm I'm I'm he he he AZ and
I'm AZ. You can't tell us who who did
the
better AZ rap.
I'mma tell I know I won that round. I
know I won that round. I know I won that
round. The fact.
Of course.
I didn't I always knew how ill that
verse was, but
I'm literally in D F Y when this album
comes out.
And
this album made me want to write rhymes.
But I'm sitting there
and I did not know who AZ was.
And I'm like, "Who is this guy?"
And
You not from the bridge, neither. I'm
left right. Yeah yeah. So, I'm thinking
like I'm I'm thinking, "Who the hell is
it?" And then it was them Brooklyn kids
for me, Jamel Simon and Jamal. I forgot
Jamal's last name. And they were both
from East New York. And boy, were they
so happy. THEY WERE LIKE, "THAT'S EAST
NEW YORK."
THIS IS DO YOU KNOW THAT'S PROBABLY the
one of the most
prolific features in hip hop. That's
real.
It's real. Do you know that? Uh yeah.
Now
That's real, though.
That's real. Yeah, man. I ain't going to
lie to you, bro. Um
like you you like that was that was a a
mark. So, let's talk about
because after that everyone that's all
the rumors was you got to get AZ. AZ is
the next guy. Now, is that pressure on
you or or you expected that? Because I
know you said you wasn't really rapping,
but do you expect all these people to
come at you after this drops?
have been everybody coming at you quick
after that. It was pressure to an extent
cuz you want to
you want to make all the right moves,
right? You hear the stories of you know,
even Nas telling me situations where he
was signed, you know, you know what I
mean? Already. And then you hear through
being in, you know, life you hear
artists and they come and go. You want
to kind of make the right decisions, but
the pressure probably came
where I have to do a album now, right? I
got to I got only got a few verses.
I got to write 12 songs, three verses
per song.
Little pressure right there for me,
right? And being brand new in the game,
so
just had to do it.
Pick the right producers, right? Because
here I am trying to follow up with
what I already came out the gate, which
was Illmatic. I I got to follow up with
that. Then you hearing all the other
artists
for my era coming out, so you know what
I mean?
Little pressure. Little pressure. But
I'm I'm away from where I was, right?
Somewhere else now. I'm good.
Cool. I'll take that pressure.
Now now was it was it cuz cuz cuz you
remember I I felt like everything was
going through like Sony at that time.
Like Style was pushing like everyone
kind of like I believe the firm and then
but then the firm winded up at
Interscope. So, was it like was it
different?
What you saying you saying you saying my
album cuz that that firm came
2 years after.
2 years after, yes, yes, yes.
we went from my album it went from from,
you know, being on on Illmatic to my
album to
um Nas It Was Written to The Firm,
right? So, that was the whole Style came
in.
Style wasn't in there. Style came in
after the fact, yeah. Style came in
after the fact, yeah. Came in after the
fact.
Yeah. So, how So,
let's talk about The Firm. How did you
How did What was this idea?
Was That that was on um my album More
Money More Murder. Um Firm Rally 1. Me
Me and Nas was talking about it, you
know, we seeing everybody you know we
seeing you know what the Wu doing we
hearing what you know the music you know
we hearing things so we want to put our
[__] together, you know what I mean? Um
I knew Foxy
One of one of the homies introduced me
to Foxy. Um
but I've been to her brother's. So, I
lived around the corner like year before
I moved to the East I lived around the
corner from Foxy. I knew Gavin and you
know what I mean? So,
met Foxy whatever through the homies
introduced her to Nas, you know what I
mean? And um
he was like all right, let's do this,
you know what I mean? She was heating up
on her own so everything was like divine
intervention to be honest.
And this is at the time where Big had
Little Kim already or not yet? All this
is Yo, this [__] just this [__] is all
transit like this.
This is like
ain't no time to think, you know what I
mean? Nah, my album also meet Foxy. You
working on your album? All right, cool.
Yo, bring her to the studio. She doing
her [__] She got that [__] Oh, [__]
She cool. Let's start some It's just
moving like that. So, it's like
had to join with Jay. Yeah, she she she
she's burning the candle from all ends.
She Is it true you, Jay, and Biggie went
to school together?
No. Me Me and Me and Jay went to school
together first with EMI. They closed
that down cuz that was They was like
uh the Lean on Me [__] was off the hook.
Put it like that. Um then I think he
went to uh Westinghouse and met Big.
But you and Jay was in school together.
Yeah, facts. So, Jay-Z
This is Brooklyn schools, man. They and
AZ Right.
was in what kind of school was it high
school? This is It was it was high
school. He was there He was there
definitely before me cuz my my one of
the homies introduced me to him.
Um he was like yo, this cat get busy.
What up, you know what I mean? I was
like oh, okay. And then, you know, see
Jay here and there. When he come to
school we we be in the lunch room
[__] around, you know what I mean?
All right. Yeah. And did you have a
battle? I wouldn't call it a battle. We
rap. Ain't no battle. Jay probably was
the same as he is now he was then, you
know what I mean? Sounded like you you
really get the better one or that And
I was listening I'm a new jack. I'M A
NEW JACK, you know? At that time
You got to understand he was he was
[__] with Jaz at that time. They was
They was nice. Speed rapping. They was
speed rapping. They was They was
traveling. They was touring. They Well,
I guess probably right at at that time
cuz we I'm ninth grade, you know? But um
he was more in the mix to me. Put it
like that. So, he going to have the the
better up. You know what I mean? How
about Busta Rhymes? You went to school
with Busta Rhymes? Nah, I didn't. That's
That's That's the Big and Busta and all
them at at um
What's that? Yeah, I don't know what
school they went to. Big, Busta, and
Biggie I'm like and Jay.
I don't know one of them Westinghouse
one of one of I don't know. It's the
smart schools, too. It's the smart
school? Yeah, it's a smart school.
I was at high school. I was going to 600
school. I wasn't allowed. You know what
I'm saying? So, so what you like better
writing the music or performing the
music?
I like writing first. Performing I love
now, you know what I mean? But writing
it you know it's therapeutic, man. You
put your put your thoughts on on paper.
Mhm. It's a beautiful thing. Mhm. Yeah.
So, let's take it back to
uh the first album. Right. You got to
pick this first single. Right. You and
LES is in the studio. How does this
record come about? And then why do why
do y'all bring me
Worst record in the world. I don't want
to put that record out. Not that record.
Not Everybody's pushing ALL THEIR [__]
YEAH, I DIDN'T WANT TO PUT THAT record
out. They had They had to twist my arm
for that. Drink up. I'm I'm ready to get
my drink.
You good? You want some champagne
Armagnac? You good with some Let's do
some [__] LET'S GET GET US GET US SOME
CHAMPAGNE ARMAGNAC, MAN. GET US SOME
CHAMPAGNE ARMAGNAC, MAN.
YOUR OWN BOTTLE. YOUR OWN BOTTLE, YOU
KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING? I should be I
should be low.
Cuz we celebrating you today, baby. You
know what I mean? Well, what was the
question I was saying?
The before that? The the single. Oh,
yeah. The single.
But our show is about giving people
their flowers, man. You know what I'm
saying? So, we want to give you your
flowers off top, man. My brother. Face
to face, man to man. We going to tell
you how great you are. You know what I'm
saying?
Snoop said it's like a Grammy. You know
what I'm saying? So,
Yeah. Yes. Holy moly guacamole. We going
to give you some champagne Armagnac. I
wanted to bring you some flowers, too,
but they said somebody DID THAT ALREADY.
IT'S ABOUT YOU, MY BROTHER. SO GOOD. SO,
um all right because damn I would have
never thought that.
To me as an outsider looking in as
probably an insider that's looking out
when I'm looking at what y'all doing
from Illmatic to your album this looks
like it's perfect to me. So, Sugar Hill
perfect? YEAH.
NO, it didn't because we street
[__] and we
thinking about rapping. I'm not thinking
about the business of it. Yo, man, you
got to sell records. You got to make
money.
You put the B-side for the street
[__] and then put the single Cuz what
was the B-side? More Money More Murder?
was um Rather Unique.
Okay, go ahead. Continue.
So, so
So, it was uh Rather Unique. So, me I'm
happy with that. I'm happy with just I
want to I want to develop my style. I
want to
speak to my people's Uh-huh.
management like yo, come on, bro. We got
to We got to make some hits, man. You
know what I mean? You see what's going
on out there, you know, Big had the
Juicy and things of that nature and It's
It's a differentiation of Yeah. You
know, you speak to the cash. You speak
to the women. The women buy records. So,
it's a whole new knowledge coming in
now. Like okay, it ain't just battling
and rapping and trying to show them the
lavish. All right. I
The women want to get down. All right,
okay. Yeah. Let's play it. All right.
You know what I mean? All right.
So, So, Sugar Hill you didn't like this?
I didn't like it.
Why? Just told you. It was a was a dance
record. It was It was a commercial
record. But But But what was told to me
which made made it fly like spitting
real [__] on it. Mhm.
It's It's R&B. The ladies could dance.
You spit the real [__] the [__] going
to like it. You good. So, that concept
got me like
you know, it mind [__] me but it
worked.
Right, right. It mind [__] Damn, man.
I would have I would have never
never thought you ain't like that
record. Come on, man. Everybody was
coming through busting their guns army
fatigue [__] You know what I mean?
Yeah. I don't want to get all suited and
booted. At that time I didn't but
Right. It was being ahead of the game,
right? In reality cuz it was like all
right, I got a I got a big budget. All
right. Got a lot of
Make some noise for the big budget.
Yeah, big budget. A big budget.
Your face looking different once you
said that big budget. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Big budget. So, we got we got to recoup,
right? Cuz now it's the business. So,
Mhm. I mean they they they got me good
in that zone and really uh write it how
I wrote it Right. and delivered it and
and and it it worked. All right.
Now, um
you learning the business. Right.
Was that a shock to you because, you
know, most of the time most of us would
probably do this cuz we rhyme good for
fun. But then you got to realize you got
to feed the feed your family. When was
the time that you realized that this was
a business?
When I got that check first check I said
oh, [__] It's real. For a couple of
minutes. Oh, [__] The first check made
it real.
The first check? Yeah. And what
happened? What What did you What did you
What did you What was the first check
from though? From From from EMI. EMI?
EMI. I remember prior to me signing I
went on a the tour with Nas, right? For
the Illmatic tour and [__] I was happy
just going for the education, right?
Learning. I'm I'm I ain't I ain't in the
hood. [__] I'm [__]
I'm in I'm in Queens now. I'm [__]
with that zone.
So, when we finished the tour, um you
know, I was with all everybody coming to
the table
I decided to go to EMI. They gave me my
check. But then, you know, Nas called
like yo, man, yo, thanks coming on tour.
I'm like all right, cool. So, I got a
little money for I was like all right,
cool. Whatever. I hit I He ain't know I
signed. I was going to tell him but he
beat me to the punch. I was like all
right. So, I got a little four five
dollars for you. Four five hundred. I
was like oh, okay, cool. That's cool.
Man, better not. I don't care. So, he
started laughing. Like yo, you crazy, B.
I got about 10 15,000 for you. You know
what I'm saying? But it was cool.
And like I said the whole thing was like
a blessing and a lesson at the same
time, you know what I mean? Right. Okay,
I've been wanting to ask you this
question forever. Right.
Okay.
You said
on Phone Tap
cuz I I felt like this was racist
towards Latinos and then I realized you
you're Dominican so it can't be racist.
Yes. Yeah. Cuz you You going to start
rapping your Dominican side, too.
We going to get you on THE RADIO RECORD
BUT YOU KNOW, I I ALWAYS THOUGHT THIS
LINE because you said a quarter I'm
sleeping in Spanish Harlem.
Puerto Ricans. A quarter
sleeping in Puerto Ricans Spanish
Harlem. But then you said Puerto Rican.
of the Rican. Right. Spanish Harlem and
the Rican not that close, AZ. Yeah,
who's doing all of that? WHO'S WHO'S
DOING ALL OF THAT? PEOPLE DOING THAT
WITH LATINOS. I'M GOING TO START DOING
THAT. WHAT THE [__] Y'ALL TALKING ABOUT?
IT AIN'T THAT SERIOUS. IT AIN'T THAT
SERIOUS, BUT
YOU CAN GET THE SPANISH HARLEM DUDE TO
DO THE THING. ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT. ALL
RIGHT.
LET'S LET'S let's talk to that, GOD
DAMN.
LET'S TALK to that, man. God damn. Solo.
Now, that's a classic record.
Yeah. Phone Tap.
Y'all in the studio. Right. Your phone
was tapped. You was like [__] it. Let's
just make a noise about it. Nah, no.
I'm [__] with No, we always we always
just be in that zone. Um
Like I guess through our lyrics well, my
lyrics I could say I just try to throw a
jewel in there too for I know I know the
hood listening so
Like we always on our phones so just
just be mindful, right? Cuz we all take
[__] for granted. And
every time I write ever since life's a
[__] I always try to throw I speak that
street [__] but I throw a jewel in so
phone tap it was just that zone when Dre
threw that beat on it it just came to
life and
you know I I Nas came up with the with
the hook the concept was more or less
mine, right? Like yo sing that [__] to a
phone sound act like we talking on the
phone. You know what I mean? But we
always
throw ideas back and forth in the in the
studio, you know what I mean? So
it came out good everything come out
good. Me and me and him touch [__] it
come out good all the time. All the
time. When you look at the Firm album
you look at you know
this was
a collective force Right. of individuals
that came together. Right.
Did you did you understand what y'all
was doing back then?
No.
I was trying to bring the crew together.
We was we was trying to bring me and
Foxy together. That was that was a that
was a power move right there, right? Cuz
we it was just an idea of trying to make
it happen. So um with Dre being involved
and you know Trackmasters was hot as
hell uh and and and and and we had
Noriega on the album too it was crazy.
Oh yeah yeah yeah.
Foxy Brown is up against half of me
my brother um
But so
the thought was okay cool me Nas Foxy
cool, right?
I I brought in a half I'm bringing half
to the table, right? Cuz he was just he
was just
lyrically immaculate. Right. So Nas like
okay well I'm bringing Mega. Mega just
came home at the time.
I'm trusting you know Nas judgment which
is cool, you know what I mean? So we
that's the force. To me is is it
actually really
cuz I think I think Half came after the
fact. So me Nas Mega and then somewhere
along the line
you know lines got blurred.
It becomes I think it's business, right?
It's it's not a it's not a
a talent thing. It becomes a business
thing, right? This person signing this
management this person signing this
regulated this these people are in
control of certain things and and
that's why there is no Firm 2.
I mean
you seem like you cooler than the
whistle, man. Like
but it's like you seem like you cooler
than the fat the other side of the
pillow. But we all know this this famous
thing that happened, right? I was
actually in the studio when I don't know
what happened with with with the Mega
side but I was there when
Nature
actually did the the the the freestyle.
And no one asked him to do that but you
how did you feel? Because like
cuz on one hand you you you you guys
working for Cormega and then it was like
it was like they switched it and now you
got to work with Nature. Did you have a
relationship with Nature or how did that
even feel?
Well well I met Mega first, you know
what I mean? Me and me and Mega bond
official, you know what I mean? Um
I met Nature after the fact but I knew
it was it was it was a a business move,
right? But it was out of my control to
an extent. I really couldn't, right?
Right? It was like I didn't have the
power to really
I could have I gave my say so to an
extent like I what's going on? Right.
You know now I know that you know he
signed over here he signed over here he
don't want to sign this he won't do
that. So it was that type of [__]
right? That I think always take place
when it when it with with a lot of
people involved. Um
you know I'm neutral with everything,
right?
That's just me. Right.
And that was that.
What the hell was it? What the [__] I'm
going to do? LIKE THAT'S AND THAT'S SOME
QUEEN [__] THAT'S SOME QUEEN [__]
THAT'S SOME QUEEN [__] LIKE I CAN'T
WHAT AM I GOING TO DO? RIGHT? THEY'LL
[__] AROUND FIGHT GET BACK TOGETHER. I
joke I'll be involved THEY'LL [__]
AROUND GET THAT MONEY. What am I GOING
TO DO?
THAT'S SOME REAL [__] That's some real
[__] So um
you guys finally formed this group,
right? You go to LA. Right. Dr. Dre is
involved cuz was it signed to Dr. Dre or
or it was a collective? I think it was
it was signed to Dr. Dre. Yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it
was signed to Dr. Dre. Yeah yeah. The
man fast. So you get in the studio with
Dr. Dre. Right. What what is that like?
That's a beautiful thing. That's great,
right? But but it's it's it's it's on
the heels of him leaving Death Row. So
it's still like
it's a lot of [__] going on at the time.
You was there it's just a lot of you
know energy, right? Energy was
everything. Right now the energy is is
subtle but back then the energy was very
serious but it was good to [__] with Dre
from his um
discography and the [__] he he put in it
and then him and Nas making that
acquaintance.
Let's get busy, right? That's my mindset
with everything. Let's just get busy.
Like
Right. Can't think too much about a lot
of [__] going on. I'm trying to hit the
target all the time. That's it. If you
was to do a Firm Part 2 right now who
would you pick?
What the [__] that mean?
PICK WHO? WHAT DO YOU MEAN? LIKE AFTER
THE FOUR MEMBERS OR FIVE or six members.
Oh you trying to say pick anybody?
Yeah like let let's suppose let's
suppose
everyone came and said yo hey
we want to do the Firm. You're the
closest to the to the streets. You you
have the mind. We want you to lead this
four head.
Who is the people you would pick?
If it's your choice.
Same crew.
Which one?
There's two different Firms now. But you
yo Dre you know what
Everybody yo listen, man. Listen, man.
Let me explain something.
No let me explain I DON'T GOT TO, RIGHT?
PICK A SIDE, RIGHT? I'm the type that I
let it pick itself. I'm that type of
person. I'm bringing everybody to the
table. Listen we got some paper on the
table. What's what's what's going on?
What we doing?
Whatever ego getting in the way or
whatever can't do none that's them that
are exiting themself out but I'm
bringing everybody to the table.
Why can't everybody be involved in it?
They I said they can. He said you can do
it.
Like Nature and Mega.
I said he could pick any group, son. I
didn't say you making it seem like you
want to split it.
Uh-uh I said any group. Any group I want
to that's the best Firm of all. Yeah
sometimes we let
um problems solve themself, right? Cuz I
don't really I know the I know
the surface of the I don't know the I
don't know the the depth. Cuz it could
be more [__] I don't know. I'm keeping
100 I don't know. I know like
Everybody good now? I'm pretty sure
there's no problem. You see what I'm
saying? But I don't know I didn't know
the in depth. I'm sure it probably was
deeper than yo I'm signing over here I
won't sign these papers but then it
probably got messy somewhere that I
don't know cuz I wasn't in the I was in
the bridge. I wasn't they they was
seeing each other on their own time, you
know what I mean? So I don't know really
but
as men you know they they they
straightened it out like you said. Like
we we all grown now.
You know what I mean? Like I'm sure a
lot of people got iller stories. That
story was light work.
Man. Everybody got some paper got some
shine.
They come figured out they went their
way everybody did their thing.
You know [__] get deep and other other
crews a lot of deep, you know what I'm
saying? So
I'm cool with it.
Now we seen a picture of you Right.
posted
with Foxy Brown's daughter. Oh my bad.
Yeah. Oh yes yes yes. I went to check up
on Foxy. I tried I tried to dial up Well
right I'm keeping 100 I don't speak to
Nature, right? At all no no contact. I
see him here and there I I I I dialogue,
right? I speak to Mega periodically. I
speak to Foxy periodically. I speak to
Nas periodically, right? So
you know this is 50 years of hip hop.
I want Foxy get her shine, you know what
I'm saying?
You know I I applaud Nas for bringing me
out at the garden. That was a great
thing, you know what I'm saying? But she
being
a part of the culture in the era I want
you know I'm let me check up on her. I
wanted to check up on her.
She wasn't there but
you know Lulu's baby she was there.
Right. And this is like I saw I went to
visit Foxy when she um
first had her in the hospital but this
is the second time I saw her she's six
now. I was like oh [__] And she looked
just like A you know what I'm saying?
Like exactly. I was like
her Red Fox?
That's crazy. Is that that's what they
do? I think they call her Red Fox. Wow
that's fly.
Yeah.
Yes yes yes yes.
That's crazy. Yeah. Cuz you didn't get
to see Foxy. I didn't get to see her.
What do you
I spoke to her after the fact, right?
Cuz I don't know if she's running around
or whatever. Um
tell her like come on, man. Come get
this money. Get get your shine back, you
know what I mean?
Well I got some cigars for you, brother.
Yeah get get get your shine back.
And I appreciate it. You know what I'm
saying?
Oh [__] I got blunts in here and
everything. Hold on hold on hold on.
This is this is this is
okay.
Just in case yeah yeah yeah.
Yeah just in case you tell me you
whatever you want, you know what I'm
saying?
You know what I'm saying? It's my
personal stash, man. You want you to
feel good because you know why hey
you're a legend, man. You deserve your
flowers. You deserve your respect. You
deserve your love.
You're a pillar of the in this hip hop
[__]
And your fans is relentless. I don't
know that's crazy. Yeah they relentless.
to come here. They they was on my neck
for They relentless. Like there's people
telling me I told you [__] Like
I was like damn [__] like damn.
It's like I told you [__] And
then they be blaming us for having other
people when it's not you. I'm like damn.
Y'all gatekeeping. Yeah.
That's crazy. Uh
Is that something that that that cuz you
know
we all into the game. I believe I
entered the game when I was like
18 19 right? And I have some fans who
actually grew up with me who's actually
old [__] right? Like and they
like they they went with me through all
my little [__] Is there
there fans that went with you through
this whole journey? Yeah yeah yeah Nas
man hell yeah. Yeah yeah it's fans that
that thugged it out, man. Even when I
was like fell back for a minute trying
to figure out cuz you know the game was
just changing so fast you know sonically
and and you know from CDs to digital and
you know there was so much [__] going on
like I'm trying to stay on you know what
I mean without without playing myself or
getting caught up in no sucker [__]
right? Because it could happen, right?
You know what I'm saying? So when you
trying to do
you could try to do something but you
could lose points trying to get points,
right? So I'd rather sit in the cut like
this and
until I could strike.
So
fans they they vibe cuz they still
showing love, right? Like look how many
years later I'm still I'm putting albums
out and getting love, like, [__] was
incredible, man. Incredible. Now, one of
the very first
questions
people saying, "Where the [__] is AZ and
Nas going to do a a double uh
A joint album.
I want everybody to know, you know that
man got all the power in the world, man.
Why don't you ask that man? He got all
the power. I'm right here.
I'm a soldier at war at all times. He
got all the power in the world. That's
my brother though, you know what I mean?
Whatever it is, he Listen, he opened the
door for me so I can never I can never
go left, right? And and
You know, you know, like like you,
right? We we in the game, everybody got
lanes to take, you know what I mean? So,
everybody take they lanes and and and he
he got things he need to accomplish. He
has visions that he needs to accomplish
and that's what he do. And and me, I got
to get my [__] you know what I mean? On
point. So, All right. Yeah.
But y'all kind of got a album together.
If you put all the features y'all got
Oh yeah, yeah, do that, yeah. I mean I I
mean
if you was put that together make a
compilation, what would you call that?
Compla- I couldn't I had to That that I
got to sit back on that one. That's some
deadly [__] You can't just Yo, what you
call that? That's some deadly [__] right
there.
Take a sip. Come on. Come on, hey. Come
on, let's let's sip on the drink,
brother. You ain't going to get drunk.
You you still be on point.
Now, but we need something new from
them. It couldn't be a I mean a
compilation of all the It got to be
something brand new. Yeah, of course,
but I'm just saying for people that
don't know, like, they like like they
they got those many records together
that can be called an album.
Right.
Huh?
But if y'all was to be able to get in
and record an album,
who who who producers you would pick?
Wow, that's fly.
That's fly. That's a good one.
That's a good one. I I I'll I'll try to
bring the heavy hitters and I'll I'll
bring a
Primo, Dr. Dre, um
Um I can hear you guys on Justice League
production.
Justice League, man.
Um
I still get something Kanye.
Yeah.
Get busy with the music.
Leave the door open for whoever else.
All right. Yeah, that'd be crazy, yeah.
Yeah, that'd be crazy. LES? L L
definitely. You know L been damn L. L
been around from day one, man. L brought
a lot of classics to the table, man.
Shout out to LES, man. Hold up.
Yeah. God damn it. Uh
Let's let's What other producers you
think?
You said Primo, right?
We said Primo. Pete Rock? Yeah. PR
period?
Pete PR Mhm. Buck Buck always the album
guy.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Um
Tip Tip Tip, yeah, Tip Tip. Definitely
Tip. Yeah. Who's your favorite go-to
producer for you for yourself?
Think.
Try to [__] with the I try to [__] with
those I like. I mean, everybody I deal
with I
I like that been on my albums and that's
that I still [__] with. Um right now,
this album The Truth Be Told album, Buck
did the whole album. Buckwild.
Buckwild. B U C W I L D. Yeah, he's
amazing. Yeah. Did the whole album. Um
but like you said, always got Pete
there, always always got, you know, um
Primo, DR, period. They always there,
you know what I mean? Um what what is
this this this trend with every people
doing the whole albums? Is that
something that is it more comfortable
working with I've noticed that that it
is, right? But it's been going on for
time like Trackmasters did
Piece of Me album. That's why I'm
L L's whole album. Yeah, um Primo did
all Guru album. Like, it's it's been
going on. Dr. Dre did all Def Squad.
Like, it's been going on, but it's more
comfortable. You ain't got to go shop
for beats and all that [__] you know
what I mean? Like, and then you can just
get a whole bunch and and figure it out.
a cohesive sound at the end of the day.
It's easier to make a cohesive album.
Yeah. Yeah.
and so how do you how do y'all do this?
Do y'all go away or y'all just lock in
together?
We went away for The Firm album. Oh,
with me and Buck
Nah, I just I'm I'm in the zone now. I'm
I'm I'm in the zone. I'm I'm good.
So, he just sending you the records you
not
the records, yeah. I'm good. I'm good
money. Yeah.
Okay. All right, cool.
Y'all ready for Quick Time with Salaam?
Yeah. Oh, y'all y'all ready yet? Come
on, you got to hurry the [__] up,
[__]
Jesus, man. Jesus. All right, cool.
[__] soon. Who Oh, yeah. Um oh, yeah, let
me bring the [__] Quick Time
with Salaam, too. Yeah. All right, so
let's talk about uh Yeah, we talked
about Sugar Hill already.
Uh
Let's talk about More Money, More
Murder.
More Money, More Murder. That's a
classic, too.
Yeah.
That record was was that's that's Isley
Brothers um sample, I think. Really?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it is. I thought that
was the Mafia sample. I didn't know it
was the Isley Brothers. That [__] sound
like
like John Gotti gave y'all the
permission.
We was in the We was in the zone with
that. We was fresh right there. We was
And was Nas still in the bridge? I don't
know. We was fresh at that time. Um Mhm.
That's that's one of the classics off my
album I love. That record. How did that
record come about? Um DR brought the the
the beat to the table and um
I think Nas had the hook of it. Oh, he
said the hook and I reminded him about
the hook.
And then we just went crazy on that one.
It was just It was That [__] was like I
thought spirits was in the room with us.
All right.
It was nice. Nice. Nice zone. Okay, I'm
going to bounce around a little bit,
right? Okay.
We look at uh this Jay-Z Mhm. uh Dead
Presidents video. Right.
We see you. Right. We see Big. Right. We
see Emory. We see Biggs. We see Dame
Dash. Right.
Uh
It's real money play being It looks like
it's real money being played.
Um
You guys are shaking. I remember you had
a toothpick in your in
Right, right, right, right, right,
right.
You shaking.
A lot of people say
and I know you can answer this whichever
way. A lot of people say that's where
like the term "royal" started with Jay.
And Nas because Nas was supposed to
attend that very scene.
Mhm.
I would not know that, right? All I know
is I knew Jay had my number. He called
me and I came through, right? So, I
don't know, right? I don't know how the
business was with Nas being on the hook.
At that I don't know their relationship
at the time, which I don't think
Was a relationship? He just I guess he
he heard he liked it. I don't I don't
know. I can't speak for him, but I just
got a call. I don't think maybe it did.
Maybe I don't know. Honestly. Keep it
100, I don't [__] know.
[__] you find out, LET ME KNOW.
LET LET ME KNOW.
Cuz I don't be knowing a lot of [__]
you know? I ain't going to lie. I don't
I don't really You stay out of it.
invest my mind a lot of this [__]
right? This is business. We both We both
getting some paper, but I guess we was
all young. A lot of a lot of ego, a lot
of personal [__] a lot of, you know
what I mean? [__] having dick
measuring contest. I don't know, but it
was about paper for me from day one.
When I got that check, I was like,
"Me and I being the streets."
What the [__] WAS THAT? LET'S GO, RIGHT?
YEAH, YEAH. AND IT'S LIKE jumping out
the frying pan into the [__] fire cuz
it was it get a little worse, right? Cuz
the same [__] kind of exist.
But it's a lot of more talking and it's
like, "What?" Like, we
Mhm. I face what It's just crazy to me.
Like, I just couldn't understand it, but
then I understand the competitiveness of
hip hop, which always been and and we
got it from, you know, Kool Moe Dee,
Busy Bee, we got it from, you know, um
LL and Ice-T, we got it from, you know
what I'm saying? As time go on with all
the the beefs with, you know, Shan and
and KRS.
So, it's the nature of it, you know what
I'm saying? But then they were rapping
for real, but then when we brought the
street element to it, the [__] just went
cuckoo, man. All right. It just went
cuckoo, man. We [__] it up, man. We
[__] this [__] up, man. WE [__] IT
UP. ALL RIGHT. And that Yeah. But but me
looking at that video, it seemed
I'm just going to say it's going to
sound crazy.
You talking about the Dead Presidents
video?
Dead Presidents video. Shoot. Go ahead.
I'm going to I'm going to say I'm going
to say something
that's going to sound crazy, but it's
not really that crazy.
shooting.
I don't think Nas would even fit in that
scene had if that was the case.
Cuz it was all Brooklyn people there? I
felt like y'all Brooklyn [__] was
Yeah, y'all should have been by
yourself. You see You see the You see
the mindset THOUGH? YOU SEE THE YOU SEE
THE MINDSET, RIGHT?
It probably WOULD HAVE BEEN LIVE IF NOT
CUZ he would have been the only Queens
[__] there representing. You get it?
Cuz that's how I felt going to
Queensbridge. I'm the only Brooklyn
[__] there. I never looked at it like
that. BUT, YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING? BUT
it it would have been fly. It would have
I said, but it it would have been fly.
It would have been fly cuz it would have
been fly, right? Because
every time you hear about the top 10,
them three names come up. So, it would
have been That's monumental, right?
Right. Right.
Right.
Hey, hey. Your name come up during the
top five, too, [__] We ain't
going to let you be humble like that. We
ain't going to let you
do that.
We ain't going to let you say that.
I mean
to be honest with you,
I really really I I I want you to
understand your fan base. Like, you know
what I'm saying? Like, that's what we
do. Like, when we
say our name, we like, you know, in the
week of and then I can I can understand
like like like Wayne has the nicest fans
in the world. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like,
you say something about Wayne, his fans
be like, "Can you let us drop it on
Friday?" You like, "Holy shit." They mad
respectful. Your fans are not.
WHERE THE [__] YOU GOING TO HAVE AZ ON?
JESUS. NAH, YEAH, THEY RAP. YEAH, THAT'S
REAL. SO, and you drop Huh? Quick Time
with Salaam ready? Okay, cool. You want
to explain to him the rules? Yeah, we
going to do [__]
GOING TO BRING [__] THE LEGENDARY [__]
RIGHT HERE.
CUZ WE TAKING SHOTS THIS WE TAKING SHOTS
THIS SEGMENT. SO, YEAH.
You got them set up? Leave them. I feel
like this is very racist. You bring the
Puerto Rican in for the drink the shots.
No, you was Puerto Rican.
ARE YOU PUERTO RICAN, [__] YES. HE'S
CUBAN, TOO. HE'S FROM LA. OH, CUBAN. We
got that We got that that flavor. CUBAN
PUERTO RICAN. LA CUBAN MOVED TO MIAMI.
LA
OH. BOTH MIXTAPE DJS. THAT'S CRAZY. WOW.
[__] FROM THE BX?
YO, [__] YOU SMOKE YOU SMOKE? NO. You
don't smoke weed? I don't smoke.
All right, we had that gumbo for y'all.
I guess I got to smoke myself. My bad.
Beautiful thing, man. Yeah, sit down.
Wait a minute. WAIT WAIT WAIT. SIT DOWN.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO. SIT
DOWN. SIT DOWN, [__] CUZ WE GOT YOUR FLY
with two bottles.
YOU WANT TO TAKE MY [__]
HEY!
WE GOT YOUR FLOWERS, TOO, DO [__] THAT'S
MR. LEE RIGHT THERE. YEAH, that's Mr.
Lee, man. He used to sell a lot of
cocaine uptown.
Classic. He said he's mad at AZ for not
repping Dominicans. We all leaving now.
Sunny got me. Sunny got me. Sunny got
me.
Okay.
So, what am I doing right now? All
right. So, this is quick time with
Slime. Um two seconds and I started.
Okay.
Yeah. So, this is quick time with Slime.
We're going to give you two answers.
Right.
Right? Two choices.
Two choices.
You pick You pick one, we don't drink.
You pick both, we all drink. You pick
both, if you politically correct, then
we still take a shot. But, we drink with
you. So, you don't have to take a shot
because we don't We don't seem like
you're you're a shot guy, but you take
sips of champagne. But, we're going to
have Do [__] be a designated drinker.
Right. And if you don't pick any, we is
the same thing. We take a shot. So, Do
[__] is a designated drinker, you know
what I mean? Got to go You know what I
mean?
We going We repping Dominicans. We got
Mama Juana right here if you want some.
I don't want that.
Now, we give you your flowers. Give you
your praises. Okay. Um
First first
By the way, I don't write these
questions. This is the Colombian and
Dominican over there that write these
questions. Um they they analyze you and
then they they they they do they
They analyze you. Yes. This is This is a
fact. Okay. You ready for the first?
Shoot.
Uh Jamie, you got the shots ready
though?
Cuz I feel like he's going to answer
this
predominantly fast.
drink, too. Everybody drinking.
Everybody that got a glass drink.
the first one? Yes.
Nas or Jay-Z. Yes. That's it. Nas or
Jay-Z. What y'all doing, MAN?
SO, PICK ONE, PLEASE.
Um I'm picking one for what? What am I
picking? Whatever you want. Your
project. I'm picking one to say who's uh
It's whatever the criteria in your mind.
Best MC, best friend,
best dressed. Whatever the [__] it is in
your mind. It could be both, it could be
neither, it could be one of them.
And you can tell us a story to go with
it, too.
Um
I [__] with both, right? I'm going to
tell you why. Thank you. Okay. Now, I
love Nas. He's my brother. And I love
Jay cuz that's my brother, too, what he
did for the game. He took it to heights
that
Right. we all dream, you know what I
mean? So, I'm
I'm rocking with both. Okay. That's a
shot.
That's a shot? That's a shot. If it's
both
or neither.
I feel like it's going to be a lot of
both.
Yeah, AZ is He He is too smooth to like
I think he could be a politician in the
future. Yeah. Yeah. He's definitely He
definitely could be city council of
Brooklyn.
Are you ready? Let's go. Tupac or DMX.
I'm going to go with Pac cuz Pac was a
lot of work in. You got any stories with
Pac? All right. I don't have I I met Pac
one time. The crazy thing is I met Pac
at I think it was at Jay release party.
That's some crazy [__] I
He had a album release party.
It was one of the clubs in Palladium. It
wasn't It wasn't Palladium.
Damn, I
I'm mad because what they know it was it
was the Rockefeller
at his his album release. I came there.
And then Pac came walking through the
door.
He just a wild [__] so and
like, "What's up? What's up? What's up?"
So, yeah.
So, but I I
I [__] with Pac cuz he got so much work
in. But, I I [__] with X, too, though,
you know? He's
He hit me hard [__]
So, you saying both? No, he said Pac.
He said Pac. Okay.
All right. This is I knew these evil
[__] was going to do this,
[__] This is not me.
Mega or Nature?
I'm going I'm going with Mega. Okay.
Mega Don. Mega Don.
All right. Biggie or Big L.
B.I.G. I love L. I love L, too, but
B.I.G. put that work in, you know what I
mean?
Go ahead. Half a Mill or Big Pun.
Y'all dirty, man. Rest in
Dirty Damn, y'all dirty,
man.
I'm going to go Y'all dirty. I'm going
with both. Okay. I'm going with both,
man. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Drink up.
Drink up. Drink up.
Cool. This is another dirty one. Yeah.
ODB or Biz.
Wow, y'all dirty again, man. I'm going
with both. [__] I can't even I'm going
with both. I'LL TAKE A SIP.
MHM. GOD DAMN. EARLY.
They They They know what they doing. You
going to be drunk, [__] Yeah. We all
going to be drunk. This is my favorite
question, by the way. One of my
favorites. NWA or Wu-Tang.
You was a They Y'all dirty. How you
The [__] you don't want to get drunk,
huh? I mean It's not really a [__]
man. It's not ABOUT IT'S NOT ABOUT SEE,
WHAT it is is you talking about just
picking sides. You talking about what
the culture, right? I'm thinking
worldwide. Both of them did the culture.
Both And he got the shirt on. He's
Telling you to say both. You can't tell
me nothing. What's going on?
BUT, I [__] WITH BOTH. I GOT TO [__]
WITH BOTH CUZ Wu Nas is self
changed the game. That's what I'm
saying. [__] that. Both.
All right. Salute. Salute. You ain't
wrong for that.
I always think that is the question you
should say both. I always think that.
That's me. Redman or Styles P. Wow,
that's a nice one. [__] Redman.
That's a nice one. Damn, man. I got to
Y'all some [__] man.
Just think about it. Think about it a
little bit.
It's getting hot. That's a That's That's
all over again. All
[__] with both. Okay. Let's go.
Y'all [__] I keep it I I Let's go. Love
my comrades, man. [__] it.
I think AZ is a good Switzerland.
He has taken over. He is politically
correct.
All right. You know what they said on
your Twitter though? They was like, "Yo,
he Don't let him smooth talk you."
Somebody said that on your joint, right?
And guess what?
It's happening.
ALL RIGHT. DJ CLUE OR DOO [__]
You can say that one.
Oh, okay. Now, I [__] with [__] I [__]
with [__] I [__] with
Raekwon or Ghost.
What are y'all doing, man? Like this is
the craziest [__] ever. He's drinking.
We celebrating you. She already know.
Look.
Even though my throat's already on fire.
Around. Both. Both.
We're brothers, man. We're brothers,
man.
Lee, you want to take over?
Cuz you you you in the hot seat. You got
to do it.
Give him some water though, Jamie, if
you can. OH, [__]
[__] GO. GIVE [__] SOME WATER.
YOU SAID BOTH FIVE TIMES.
OH, [__] DAMN, my boy
These baby bottles still going to hit.
DJ Clue, how you going to perform? Y'all
dirty, man. Good thing you got to
perform. I got [__] going over there.
Nah, I don't How many more? Two more?
Oh, no. THERE'S A COUPLE MORE. OH, COME
ON. Y'ALL DON'T [__] THIS [__] UP.
YOU GOT TO STOP PICKING PEOPLE, MAN.
ALL RIGHT. KRS-One or Rakim.
Yo, they know what they doing, man.
That's I'm not from the Bronx, I love
the Bronx, but I'm not from the Bronx.
I KNOW [__] IS LEADING YOU INTO
I'M GOING WITH [__] OKAY. I'm going with
[__] I'm going with [__] That's
respectable. All right. This one is
dope. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you want to ask
it? Illmatic or Ready to Die.
Y'all dirty, [__]
Oh, both. Both. THIS SHOULD HAVE BEEN
EASY FOR YOU. NO, IT AIN'T. IT AIN'T.
YOU COULD HAVE BEEN LIKE, "I'M ILLMATIC,
so I'm going to just say Illmatic." I
know. That's what y'all want me to say.
Y'all can't make me say that. I know. I
know. I know. Listen, it's something
born in Brooklyn people that don't allow
them to go against Brooklyn. I promise
you. We've been STUDYING THIS
THING.
I'VE BEEN HONEST. WHO WE HAD? WHO WE HAD
THIS CONVERSATION? OH, I already took
mine. My bad. Special Ed. Special Ed.
And we noticed Big Daddy Kane. Big Daddy
Kane. But, Nope. They never went against
Brooklyn. They cannot. It's It's
something in their system It's the same
thing.
in in the uh when y'all was born with
Brooklyn.
They'll kill each other,
but they won't go against each other
against any other borough.
All right. Relax.
I'm down. ME ED.
I'M [__] WITH YOU. ALL RIGHT. GO
AHEAD.
KOOL G Rap or Scarface. Wow, that's
nice. I'm going with G Rap though. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, this is a good one.
M.O.P. or Mobb Deep.
It's a good one. It's a good one.
I'm It's a good one. I got to go
I'm going with M.O.P. Mhm.
I'm going with M.O.P. I'm going with
M.O. I'm going with M.O.
Brand Nubian or Poor Righteous Teachers.
Brand Nubians.
One for all. Brand Nubian. And all one.
Brand Nubian. I said the peace hearing
over like my name is David Ruffin. The
greatest over MCs just like a English
muffin. Let me chill out. Let me chill
out. Let me chill
She just jumps out of me, you know what
I Paul I don't know. I think I should
say pause. Here's more Brooklyn.
Smoothe da Hustler or Sauce Money.
I'm going with Smoothe. I know Smoothe.
I [__] with Smoothe. Sauce I [__] with,
too, but I'm I'm going with Smoothe.
Okay.
Gumbo or Branson. You can go and find
I'm going to [__] WITH GUMBO RIGHT NOW.
I'M GOING TO [__] WITH GUMBO. THAT'S MY
DUDE. BRANSON IS A OFFICIAL
[__] GUMBO.
HE SMOKED [__] YOU SAID YOU DON'T SMOKE.
DAMN, THAT'S WHY. YOU got to know You
got to You smoked today? You smoked
today?
Would you be a honorary smoker today? He
would. He's here. He's got a Gumbo
blunt. Maybe the fourth hour. The fourth
hour? Fourth hour. All right. All right.
You know what I said. A lot of things
happen in the fourth hour. I respect
that.
Okay. Push a T or Kiss?
Kiss.
Smooth the Hustler or Sauce Money?
Where would you do that?
We already did that. We did that?
Yeah. Wait, are you already drunk?
Yeah, I'm drunk. I'm sorry. My bad. My
bad.
I'm proud about it. Yes. My bad.
He picked Smooth the Hustler. Okay. Go
ahead. Queen Latifah or MC Lyte? Mhm.
Wow. [__] wow. Both.
Mhm. Damn you. I know, but yo, I know
them both. Mhm. I don't [__] with them
both.
And remember, any stories, please. We we
we say these names to bring light to all
these people.
before Lyte got on, one of my peoples
knew her I or I think she had one song
out. She from Brooklyn.
Um
Uh and my peoples introduced Back
actually, she wasn't even on. She didn't
even have a record on bargain. She was
about to get on. MC Lyte, I knew her. Uh
my homie was I guess
he was
uh I don't know if she was going to sign
him. I don't know what it was. She was
going to sign him or or there was there
was I don't know what the [__] was going
on, but he rap, she rap. I met her.
I brought it to the East. My man had had
they they was just had some DJ [__]
Give me DJ outside. She rap. I said,
"Yo, we going to we going to politic A
and and and Lyte Lyte peoples, man." And
then and then uh Queen Latifah, she
always first album she'd come to the
studio and just chill, you know what I
mean? She knew the my manager. She
always show love when she see me like
No, they ultra lit. Yeah, they show
love. They they from that era, you know
what I mean?
Right.
Podcast or radio?
I don't know about this podcast. I'm
trying to figure it out. I'm trying to
FIGURE IT OUT. I'M TRYING TO FIGURE IT
OUT. AFTER THESE SHOTS I'M LIKE THIS.
YEAH, YO. NO, I'M NOT going to I'm I'm
I'm I'm I'm I'm going to go I'm going to
go with the radio right now cuz I don't
know too much about the podcast.
No, that's fair. That's fair. Brother,
we don't mind.
Mets or the Yankees?
Yankees.
Said that too aggressive.
Ice Cube or Ice T?
Which ice will it be?
Oh.
And I [__] with Ice T. That's my But do
you know him? I do.
Ice Cube put the He kicks doors down
though. He he I went to see Ice Cube at
the Apollo, '93. You was at that show?
there. I was there. Changed my life.
tennis balls.
Changed my life. They They They throwing
money off the balcony. Changed my life.
I was Ice Cube throwing money off the
balcony?
No, the the people in the audience was
throwing money off the balcony.
Oh, the drug dealers. Yes. And I was
there front center. I probably like in
row seven. I remember that [__] That's
when he had just left NWA.
Oh my god, he tore that [__]
down like no other.
[__]
Both.
Cuz I [__] I [__] ICE CUBE. I [__] ICE
CUBE.
I'M LIKE, "Y'ALL GOT DAMN, WHAT UP, HE
GOING TO HAVE A HEART ATTACK."
WE GOT WE GOT EMTS. SUNNY IS A certified
EMT. Come on. Y'all Y'all All right, how
many more?
No, we got we got But we drinking with
them. IT'S THE SAME [__]
SO IS WHAT? NEW JACK CITY OR KING OF NEW
YORK?
They use a They're never [__] EASY.
EASY. WHAT? EASY. [__] WHAT? WHICH ONE
YOU I WANT TO HEAR WHAT YOU going to
say. King of New York. That's my [__]
but New Jack City was crazy like a
[__] Biggie like then Bye-bye,
baby. He was she she blew that head.
baby and [__]
I'm going King of New York. Okay. I'm
going to I'm staying with Thank you.
Pete Rock or RZA?
Wow.
I don't want to do this no more.
NO, WE ALMOST
YOU'RE NOT EVEN DRINKING.
I'M [__] UP.
WE KIND OF ALMOST DONE. YOU KIND OF YOU
KIND OF ALMOST DONE. NOT ALMOST DONE.
Kind of almost done.
I'm I'm going to I'm going to go with P.
I'm going to go with P. I'm going to go
with P.
LL or Big Daddy Kane? And this is
clearly light skin against dark skin.
Let's see where you Let's see cuz you
clearly dark skin in the middle.
I'm going to [__] with Kane because
that's one of my that's one of my idols.
I'm going to [__] with Kane. And you had
three cuts in your eyebrow.
I didn't have it, but I would get it.
Kane is the goat.
Premier or Buckwild?
Mhm.
It's dirty, man. You know I just did the
album with Buckwild. That's my boy.
Drink up. You made classics with
Premier. I even drink to that. Both.
Gang Starr or EPMD?
I'm going to go EPMD. I love Gang Starr
though. Premier, you know I love y'all.
Rest in peace, Guru. EPMD? Yeah. EPMD.
Fishing net hats. Just cuz they put that
work in and then they they they they
turned up when I was, you know what I
mean, trying to figure it out. They was
turning up.
All right. You know what I mean? That's
real.
Yo Video Music Box? Yeah, yeah. Yo MTV
Raps or Video Music Box? Video Music
Box. Ralph Ralph or Ed? That's right.
Kid Capri or Red Alert?
Damn, that's crazy too. Um Um I'm going
to go with Ed cuz he just he he he
changed the game. That's right.
Kid Capri did too, but you know. You
skipped one.
Okay. Um yeah, I think I get that one.
He's more back back than me.
Analog or digital?
Analog. I like that. Analog.
now get
Mos Def or Common?
Mos Def.
This is the last one.
Yeah, see baby. This is the last one.
Loyalty or respect?
Wow.
Both.
I knew you. That This is the time where
we say you supposed to pick both. Both.
God damn it.
All right, the next game is called
Quicker Time with Slime. Nah, that's
real.
So Do [__] What's up?
Let's tell these people how did you get
started in this game immediately? How
did I get started, bro? I just I mean
Like he said, we you know, we was both
born on the West Coast, but
raised in the East like
Bronx, New York looking at that [__]
like right out my window, you know what
I mean? Like And my And my parents like
even though they wasn't like super
strict, they kept me on a long leash. So
like I could go to the jams and all
that, but you got to come in by a
certain time, you know what I mean? Like
[__] like that. So
Cuban, you said, correct? Half Cuban,
half Puerto Rican.
Okay. So I I was able to like Oh, like
play jokes.
Right. So Grandmaster Caz and I mean
later on in life I understood it. Mhm. I
mean I realized it later on in life like
Grandmaster Caz Grandmaster Caz lived
right up the block.
Dada Rock Whip Whip from Fantastic Five
lived that way on up the block, you know
what I mean? Like I had a lot of
around you.
Right right around at 181st between
Valentine and Ryer. Mhm. That's where
they filmed Wild Style.
Mhm.
You know what I mean? Like all that
[__] So I seen that [__] right outside
my window, bro. So everybody on my block
trying to be a DJ. Nine years old, like
I think it was my 10th birthday or my
ninth birthday my parents gave me like a
whole system, like a whole two
turntables. I know you would know, SLB
1200s,
Yep. a Gemini mixer, Pioneer receiver,
some Gem Sound speakers. Like I had the
whole [__] You feel like you You know,
so I was able to venture out and do what
I do you know, do what I had to do at
the same time, like, you know what I
mean? So
Did you have the spikes?
I had no spikes. He wasn't that far
back, man. No spikes. No, I I I was that
far back, but No, but he was a kid. I
ain't [__] with Only the adults were
rocking the spikes. I [__] with
spikes.
I ain't [__] WITH ALL THAT.
REMEMBER THAT. REMEMBER THAT. NO NO NO
SPIKES. NAH, NO SPIKES.
No break dancing.
You didn't break dance? You break dance?
Hell no. Come on, EVERYBODY. WE ALL Pop
locked a little bit. Like tried, but
You know what I mean? So so So where did
you get the inspiration from to do
mixtapes? I mean, obviously the Star
Child, Brucie B, Kid Capri, Hollywood.
inspiration to me. Late '80s going into
the '90s and and you know, and I went to
school with Capri. Mhm. So I seen it,
you know, first hand.
Yeah, light skin walls at one time.
So
So you know, that's how it went down.
Yeah, yeah, you know, the beef we was
talking about.
So we had that and um yeah, so I mean,
but you know what? But like Capri
like he showed us like we can
We You could be a DJ without having a
rapper. Like you know what I mean? Like
right now I DJ for my my [__] A, but he
know I do my thing on my own too. Like
Like when we was coming up
like that was it right there. Like being
yourself. Like doing it yourself. Like
talking on the mic, you didn't need a MC
with you. Like you you did it all all on
your own and [__] So
So right now they they call for AZ to do
a versus.
W- Yeah.
Who do you think AZ
versus against who?
It's the perfect match. And a DJ that
you want to destroy. Mhm. Nah, nah. I I
ain't on that I ain't on that battle
[__] I ain't on that battle [__] I
ain't on that battle [__] I ain't on
that battle [__] All right. But But But
But Who I had enough I had enough of
those, bro. I had Kid Capri, me and Kay
Slay went at it. Me and Clue went at it.
You know what I mean? So
You're a veteran at this point.
that. We done did that. Yes, you
survivor's remorse. But
But
They Swiss calls you and says, "Do [__]
we want the perfect match." And Swiss
said it on live. He said he wanted me
and Capri to do it again, but I'm not
It's all for AZ.
And like a rapper DJ and you the DJ. But
you want to pick a rapper. Yes.
And a DJ.
I don't know. I think this [__] the
goat, my [__] So I don't I ain't even
really So my AZ is the goat? Absolutely.
to say that louder. Absolutely. AZ is
the [__] goat.
Even though Even though he wanted to
fight me in the last tour we was on.
god. Let's talk about it, Do [__] You
brought it up. I want to talk about it.
What happened there?
But what was HE MAKING A BEFORE RECORD
THAT HE
HOLD ON. I I I FEEL LIKE I KNOW. NO NO,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT, GUYS? You know what,
guys? No no. You know what?
He's making a
God knows. We've been rocking like I
know you since 95.
We've been rocking on tour since 2011.
We had two fights. Not even fights,
arguments.
That shows you his character, bro, cuz
you know rap is
So what is the what is it cuz because
you making him perform B-side records?
So what's going on?
What is it? Was you late to the show?
Was you
drunk at the show? Just being on tour.
He's just being on tour too long.
You know what I mean?
And getting into that [__] man.
And you said you known him since 95. Was
it when did he do 95 Live?
Yeah. Yeah.
Cuz that's He was in and out though. He
was in and out. When I did 95 Live, I
had Raekwon, KRS, Lost Boyz, all them
[__] Like Keith Murray, Redman.
Yo, this dude whoever convinced him to
come to do 95 Live
He came in with a mink coat. No, he came
in and was out. 12 bars.
Not even 16, 12.
12 bars in and out.
How fast was in and out? How long how
long In and out, but you did your
[__] thing, though.
D&D?
Nah, around the corner from D&D's.
Called Noise in Attic.
What you need to do is
imagine that there's people listening
don't even know what we talking about.
Don't know what we talking about a
mixtape not what 95 Live is. Everybody
did freestyle 95 Live is the first
mixtape ever that had known rappers on
it. Like known popular popping rappers
on it, right?
So for instance, before 95, there was
there was mixtapes where it was just DJs
doing cuts and blends and all that [__]
right?
In 95, I put out a mixtape that had
KRS,
AZ, Lost Boyz, Raekwon.
Nore wasn't on it?
Nore Nore ain't come come to the picture
till 97. I'mma tell you when Nore came
in. But but but Damn, you right. So
boom.
So we had all these rappers on it. And
that was the first joint that ever had
like, you know what I mean, like known
rappers on it.
a game changer in the mixtape game. And
in hip hop period. Right, but if I say
it sounds crazy, but somebody else got
to explain it like Right. Yeah, that
[__] got pressed. I got the vinyl. I
think Tape Masters did the vinyl. Right.
But going back to Nore, in 97
I woke up around 11:00 12:00 o'clock to
a [__] voicemail. Not even a
voicemail, my answering machine. It was
97.
This [__] said
I didn't give him my number. So I don't
even know how he had my number.
Yo, what it was in March 97. Go tell him
about it.
They just raided Left Right.
That's right. They took everybody. They
took like 50 of my [__] Yo, let me
come to your house and do my verse right
now. I ain't know what he was talking
about.
So I checked So I checked the time.
No. So I checked the time. He left that
message like 5:15 in the morning.
you know that's he's been awake for
already 2 hours.
He was He was awake cuz they raided the
projects. They raided [__] LEFT
RIGHT.
HE WOKE UP AND SAID, "OH, THEY RAIDED
THE PROJECTS." HE WIDE AWAKE.
IT'S SO [__] UP CUZ HE'S RIGHT.
I WANT TO ARGUE WITH HIM CUZ I'M USED TO
ARGUE WITH HIM, BUT
SO that's how that went down.
Nore is my [__] though. Yo, but but
but this union right here, y'all two
together. It's dope, by the way. It's
super dope. That's two super legends. So
what happened A? How did you
get in in um I know I needed a I needed
a DJ at the time. Um the one I was
dealing with, you know, whatever
whatever. So um
DO, my manager at the time, he wasn't my
manager then, but he was like, "Yo, [__]
with DO."
I'm like, "DO? DO mixtape? What the [__]
you talking about?" But then he was
like, "Nah, DO this do this that and the
third." And I was like, "All right, [__]
let me do one or two shows with him and
that's it. Then I'll figure it out." But
after that show, it was on after that.
Where was the show at? Oh, [__] We went
overseas. No, not the first time. First
time? First time we went overseas.
Overseas? Went overseas. Yeah. All
right, DO, you remember where we was at.
It was 2013.
I'll tell you right now. I'll tell you
right now. We went
He was in
Can I tell
Can I tell them about
Can I tell them about the Poland?
NO. I DON'T I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED
WITH THE POLAND [__] You said Poland?
The castle, the hotel. Wait, did you say
Poland?
So we went to Poland. We went to a bunch
of [__]
I don't know. Germany, Poland,
Switzerland.
All right.
But when we
When we got to Poland and [__]
We pulled up at the at the [__]
hotel, right?
Obviously, supposed to be a room for me
and a room for him.
They was like, "Yo, [__] we don't have a
room for you right now. They all booked
out. We going to put A in here and we
going to take you down the block to
another joint." No problem.
It was like a castle, though, with a
gate.
me in a whole castle, man. They put him
in a castle. A haunted castle by myself.
That's what they did. So long Long story
short. I would think it was haunted.
I said haunted cuz I'm the only
[__] in there. Ain't no There is
no maid. There is no
security.
there was no more rooms. ALL LIGHTS IS
OUT.
They said there was no rooms. They said
there was no rooms, but there was nobody
at the desk working. Like nobody. It was
just I've been through this [__] But we
didn't I didn't know that. I went to my
[__]
We did the show. After the show, back
then, I don't know what year it was, but
we I got an email from A for after the
show.
He was like, "Yo,
[__] that. I got an extra room in my
joint. Yo, this [__] crazy." Can't be in
the haunted house with me. Nah, [__] I
would
I would do the same [__] He was like,
"Yo, so as I'm reading the email, I get
a knock on the [__] door."
And it's [__] A. He was like, "Yo,
come with me to my [__] My [__] crazy
right now." We get over there.
It's a whole 'nother room. Every room is
unoccupied. It was just a weird [__] A
castle. Weird [__]
Y'all didn't ask the promoter what the
[__] was going on? Nah, we We was out We
didn't speak that language.
It was something. I don't know what it
was. So anyway That's how far It was
like 2000 what? 13? 2012?
2012.
That's when we started rocking.
AZ, who got the best waves in the game?
Mine is going now. I don't know.
Who? I don't know who. Out of [__]
you was cheating because YOU WAS
DOMINICAN?
YOU GOT YOU GOT TO TRAIN them shits no
matter what. You got to train them.
You got to train them.
Because when we first seen you I ain't
going to lie, everybody was like seasick
over your [__] when we first seen you.
Ever? Yeah, coming through that that was
the era, man. That was the era. I'll
take them this way. Let me take them
this way. Nah, let me take them back
this way.
So how did you keep it That's how you
keep your [__] together? You you brush
Then. Yeah, brush. They They say 100
times a day.
Right. I didn't count. You know?
I ain't [__] count.
Y'all was talking about More Money More
Murder, though. You was like You was
talking about some [__] you told me
about.
When y'all was like you saw some Do not
get this [__] started again.
You saw a ghost in the room. Do not get
this [__] started again. You saw a
ghost in the room.
You going to pick ON YOUR OTHER HOMIE?
Y'ALL GOT YOU GOT YOU GOT [__] to do more
questions for [__] Yes.
So say what you said, [__]
He said when they made More Money More
Murder, he told me he was like, "Yo,
it was like we was on we was on another
vibe. Like we seen ghosts and spirits
and shit." I said for probably for me
when I do write, I go into my zone and I
I you know, from my homies that passed,
that's what come to my mind when I do
jot anything down. That's That's my
energy, my vibe. My vibe ain't That's
where I get my vibe from.
Then now. Anything I do is is from You
know, I rep for the homies that's not
here. You know what I mean? And they my
motivation, honestly. Cuz
let's you know, be clear. I know we
jumping around, but um East New York at
one point was the murder capital of the
world.
You know what I mean? So um I imagine
you grew up with a lot of people that
you you not there.
So is Is Is that something that like
Because that's crazy like like And it's
crazy. Leave you shell shocked, right?
Cuz it happens at 15, you know, when the
homie down
live right next door get his face blown
up. We young. We little boys. We still
in junior high school, right?
You figure, "Oh, damn. Tragedy. Somebody
I didn't
A week later, the next homie. And a week
later, the one down the block." And it's
just
You know what I mean? That's how Life's
a [__] came about anyway. You know what
I mean? From that.
Cuz life's a [__] And then you die.
All right. Let's get to it before we
before we go home. That's the mindset,
right? Right. Get to it. Let's live for
the people that's not here.
People that never made it. Let's Let's
enjoy it. You're enjoying it, you know?
Got to enjoy it. We got We got to.
I mean
I got a rhyme where I say
The teacher said I wasn't good off
words.
Well, [__]
I got rich off words.
We saw special education. God love for
you. You know what I mean? Um
But uh
hey, man, I'mma be honest with you, man.
You're one of the You're one of those
guys. Appreciate it. No, no, no, no.
Seriously. You're one of those guys when
people speak about hip hop
your name is there.
Uh you're one of the heavy hitters.
You're one of the people that
One of the lyrical greats. Yeah, lyrical
greats.
And here's the thing, right?
I've been through a lot of labels, but I
never was dropped. That's a big thing,
right? I just was For some reason
through the through through the through
the Most High
they probably realized they wasn't doing
the right thing. And when I asked for my
walking papers, I got it. I kept it
moving. It's a big deal, man. And you
know, I don't I don't blame no
circumstances, right? On nothing cuz I'm
still grinding. I'm still here, right?
And it's a beautiful thing. Um
and that's my drive. Just stay focused.
Stay grinding. You know what I mean? Any
blame, I blame myself for anything.
Right. But, the journey is a beautiful
one. Wouldn't trade it for nothing in
the world. So, this is a rumor Right.
Brown coming out with Lola Brooke.
Is this some Brooklyn [__] you coming
out, too?
I don't know what's going on. It might
happen. I know about it. It might
happen. You know about it.
We haven't seen Foxy. Yo, man. Yo, you
said you went to the crib, but you still
ain't see Foxy. Yo, step on that stage,
you know what I That that got weirder
when he said that he WENT YOU WEREN'T
THERE. Step on that stage, you going to
stop the press, you know what I mean?
Yeah. I've been waiting to see Yeah.
Foxy come out.
Have her on Drink Champs. That would be
great.
You know what? I'm so much not selfish
when it comes to Foxy that I I just want
to have her the best look possible.
Right. If she got to go on Gail King cuz
I know I just said about Gail King.
Do that [__] But, we want the best look
for Foxy.
real, man. I know you got love for Foxy,
too.
Yeah, man. She's she's She got to come
back. She got to come on. I tell her
come on, man. Let's go, Foxy. Yeah.
Yeah. But, this new album, let's talk
about this new album once again, man.
Yeah, Buckwild, he produced the whole
joint. I'm excited because
you know, me putting Doe or Die 2 out I
got a lot of love, you know what I mean?
So, my my goal is always try to top the
last album I did. Mhm. And I think I did
it. Mhm. You know? Different vibes, you
know, different flows, different You
know what we do, it's hip-hop. It's
Who's the features on here?
Uh I got um I got Fat Joe March on one.
I got Fat Joe on the joint. Yo, let's
let's pull up that drop.
And I got uh
Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. I
got uh MooMoo Fresh on it. Who? Female.
MooMoo Fresh. She She get busy. Yeah.
Okay. We got the You got the You got the
iPads? Are we a little unprofessional,
A? Don't worry. Don't mind us. You know,
you made us drink, you know what I mean?
Do what everybody We always do. But,
hold on. Let's let's let's let's start
with Fat Joe.
Cuz we
we start talking to a couple of people
to make sure you get some love.
Oh, yeah. Cuz you ain't come here in 8
years, so we want to make sure
this is well worth it.
You've been doing this for 8 years? It's
about 8 months 8 years
now. 7 years. We can't believe IT'S 8
YEARS.
BUT, YOU GOT TO GIVE HIM HIS FLOWERS. HE
ORIGINATED THIS [__] NAH, not quite.
Not quite. You You said it, not me.
Yeah, you the originator. Nah, not
quite. Not quite. We can't We can't take
that on. Hey, man. You can't. Nah, nah.
Juan and them and and Combat Jack and
Ice T and there's a Ice T got He was
doing internet radio that was like the
precursor to podcasting. Yeah. Here.
Here. Here. Show it.
First of all,
AZ, the great.
God MC.
One of the greatest to do it.
One of the blueprints
to all of us
rappers.
What he done did in his life.
You know, it's a part of that legendary
Illmatic that you know that's my
favorite
album ever made and everything else he
did himself.
AZ.
You deserve all your flowers, my
brother.
Yeah, yeah, man. That gave him a better
play.
But, that gave him a better play. Of
course. Yeah.
Hey, AZ. Congratulations for being on
Drink Champs. N.O.R.E. and FN family, I
love y'all. God bless. AZ.
Good night. Appreciate you for the still
for blessing us with the hits.
AZ for me.
It's the love for me.
God damn.
Right. Right.
Yeah, yeah.
All right. We got more. We got more. We
got more. We going to We going to There
you go. Okay. Come on. Let's do Let's do
Conway. Let's do Conway.
Cuz all of us turn to senators.
Yo, what up, man? Peace King. You know
what it is, man. Yes. You know, it's
love on this side, homie. My dog, AZ,
man. Shout out N.O.R.E. Shout out FN,
man. Yeah. Shout out Drink Champs, man.
I'm glad y'all giving the homie his
flowers, man. He deserve it. Conway.
Salute. Salute. Salute, King.
That's real.
Salute. Salute. We got a couple more,
right? Yeah. Go play
Because, man, it really It really It
really It really um That's real, you
know? Uh I really like um
you know, we waited this long and
at the end of the day I know that you
know, um
you know, you busy or we busy, but the
thing about it I wanted you to know how
much appreciated you are in this world
in this life
in this thing that we do
because in in case you didn't know
Right. I wanted to make sure you
reiterated that because um
you know what I mean? Like this is just
legendary, man. Like what you did, what
you been been a part of, and what you uh
represent represent That's real.
is is absolutely love. Appreciate you.
Salute. Thanks. Thank you, man. There
you go.
Who that? Yo, what's good? The ball.
The god.
Yes. one of the hardest verses in
hip-hop that's never ever going to be
topped. I salute you, King. Yes. Salute
you. Your whole career, man, you stood
up for Brooklyn. Represent Brooklyn to
the fullest, man. You're a Brooklyn
king. You're a hip-hop legend. You're a
king, baby. Salute AZ. Salute, King.
Yes, sir.
Jungle D.
Yeah.
Yeah. Legendary dude coming out of
Brooklyn, East New York, man. Um
I got so much to say about AZ.
[__] man up.
We talking
Nas, Life's a [__]
That that verse is just is just
everything, man. You know, I I want to
uh give AZ his flowers. You know, he's
he's he's one of those guys. My brother.
He's one of that I looked at as
definitely inspiration. You know, the
first time I heard my voice rapping I
felt like I set my voice out of like AZ.
That's crazy. Um you know, shout out to
him, man. Much love to him. It's
Brooklyn forever. You know, I run into
him
So, much love to him.
You know, he deserve every every bit of
his flowers, man.
That's real.
Oh, okay. I wanted Who that?
Search what it sound like to me, too.
Almost like it was yesterday when we
were
finishing up
Illmatic.
You just said that finishing there
weren't going to be any
uh guests on the album
except for this one dude
uh
Nas was telling me about.
And uh
you know, AZ's verses on Life's a [__]
and uh
that is compared to Salary.
Unlike Salary, AZ is money oriented
destined to live the dream for my people
who never made it.
And I just, you know, there's that
moment where you know Nas is special
because you've heard him on
Live at the Barbecue, you know, people
heard him on Back to the Grill Again
Halftime.
Um AZ I was not familiar with at all.
So, when I heard his verse
I mean, I was blown away because, you
know, at the time I always thought that
I knew
all the MCs that were up and coming. I
thought I knew everyone and
I never heard
a
But, the second I heard him rhyme, I
just knew
that besides working with O.C.
and working on Word Life I want to work
with AZ. Not only did Illmatic
last the test of time, but so did you
and so did your lyrics and so did That's
real. your contribution
to the culture and uh
very happy that you're having this
conversation. I'm very happy that you
and N.O.R.E. get to break bread and and
sit down and get on Drink Champs and and
and tell people about who you are cuz I
don't think you really had
a lot of opportunity to do that. So,
salute to you. Yeah, that's real.
Yeah, that was good.
Three. take off on the
on the on the C.
I'mma shout you out and say what's up,
man.
Give me your flowers, man. Life goes on,
baby.
But, uh yo, do your thing, man. You one
of the dudes, man. Class act, man. You
keep it moving out here. Jungle D. Yes,
sir. Pre, what it do? You heard?
That's real, y'all.
I would go all out for you. I would
I'mma get up. I'mma get up. I'mma get
up.
I really I really wanted cuz you know
we've been trying to do this for so
long, but I really wanted I just want no
miscommunication. I wanted to go all
out. I wanted the people to know that
it's not us.
Never. It's not just us, but it's the
world who got love That's real.
And out. And I wanted to [__]
capture that. Man, that's real, right?
Thank you, man. But, but so by the time
the episode come out I got
a couple more.
Okay. Yeah, yeah. Jungle D. Jungle D,
though.
Thank you, man. But, I wanted you know
what I mean? Go all out straight up
because Appreciate you, man.
You really deserve
you know, all the flowers. You really
deserve the love. You really deserve all
this and I know you're a smooth guy
Right.
and probably don't
accept
the love that you you
you deserve and that you get. Right.
But
I don't want to be humble for you. I
want to be cocky for you. You know what
I'm saying?
All right, let's talk about
Give Me Yours. Right.
I heard Give Me Yours.
It was like I hear him.
Nas mimic almost Teddy Pendergrass.
And I wanted cuz I heard Give Me Yours I
I bit your style. Pause.
So I asked Nas to rhyme us to sing on
Music Makes These Styles calm down
because I heard him on that. So what was
this session like when y'all did Give Me
Yours?
Um
me and Pete Rock already did a Rather
Unique. So then we was uh
he said he had more. So I you know, Nas
used to come to the studio with me.
Uh
the fact that you know,
what it did. He was on tour. I was
working on my [__] So he always came
for support.
Um and then Pete put that on.
And I guess Nas had I guess one of them
Lights to [__] moment. He like he just
start singing that [__] I was like,
"Yo, what the [__] is that?"
I was like and he did that.
And it felt like Lights to [__] cuz I I
kind of had that same flow on there.
And he did the hook this time and then I
went in and did the one twos. All right.
That's a classic tool of of um Ill Will
Da Yeah.
Nah, [__]
we
we going to stop labeling just some of
them classic. Yeah.
Most of your [__] is classic. That's
real. I that's real. Who who were your
inspirations growing up? Like how did
how did you formulate your style? It had
to you know everybody has different MCs.
Yeah, facts. Um of course Rakim was
everybody's Well, I guess those that
came out my era we all idolized Rakim
cuz he came through and he switched the
style up. And he he he brought some
smooth, but it was Rakim, G Rap, um
you know, uh Slick Rick, KRS, you know
what I mean? To me they're all the
greats.
Um
that's my soundtrack. I think G Rap was
your favorite though, right?
All three G Without the top three, G Rap
was your favorite? G Rap was No, but
they all to me they all brought
something different to the table. You
know what I'm saying? Rakim had the
knowledge of self, you know, G had the
wordplay, Kane had that fly [__] to me,
you know what I'm saying? And Slick Rick
had the storytelling and KRS brought you
know what I'm saying? that other vibe,
you know? And if I throw L L and Chuck D
up in there too, you know what I'm
saying? So yeah.
LL LL Smooth [__] That was smooth.
Run-DMC had a big old butt.
That's a classic.
That album was crazy. Black Panther was
a crazy album. Yeah. And Public Enemy
Yeah. Incredible.
So let's talk about I got some problems.
Ah Yeah, yeah. I had some problems then.
Who's that chick with the bars you was
with? That was that chick with the bars,
but
I think I
I got off the last label that I was on
at that time. Cuz I was on a couple of
labels. I was I was on um EMI then to
Virgin then I I I [__] with Yab Virgin
that's with um Janet Jackson. You was on
Janet Jackson. She was on there, right?
Cuz they that was like the the parent
company to EMI. So when they folded then
you know what I'm saying? Then I went to
Yab Yum, believe it or not. That was
with Elektra for a minute. It was a
quick minute. Nobody never knew cuz it
was like What was the name of that
label? Yab Yum. That was um um Tracey
Edmonds baby Babyface wife. Yeah, I was
over there for a minute. That folded. So
then then
I was like, "All right, what the [__]
man? I got I got to do something." So I
put that That's So So. I was on that So
So joint, but then when um I put it out
put that CD out, Motown heard it. Motown
you went to Motown. Yeah,
yeah. I I [__] with Motown for a
minute. Mhm.
And was you like the only rapper on
Motown at that time?
[__]
That's where I [__] up something when I
think, but then I don't, right? My thing
is like a gamble. Like I I want to be
the new dude you listen
where you know, if you on a label I'm
the only artist you show all that love.
And then from there I can open up doors
for other artists come. That's my
mindset for with EMI. With all the
labels I [__] with it's kind of weird,
right? You think about it. EMI, Virgin,
Motown. But cuz I know if it worked
there
then I could open the floodgates for
other artists and then they could know
that you know, the hip hop worked there,
but
that's when Neo Soul hit Mhm. at that
time. Same time I was [__] with
Motown. They put out you know, Erykah
Badu and and other um
I forgot her name. But anyway,
I know who you're talking about. Um
India Arie India Arie
And I was there.
And and they was like, "All right, let's
give it another shot." And I did the
other album Asiatic album. And then um
that didn't work. So that's when I was
like, "All right, keep it moving." All
right.
Yeah, kept it moving. So so to say more
or less I was more or less like
it's like a
[__] in the streets really got no
family, right? He's moving around trying
to figure it out opposed to somebody got
a mother father cuz a lot of the artists
sign with a label they rock till the
contract is up.
If you think about it or till they
transition something else, but it it it
varies them. You know what I'm saying?
Right. So
keeping moving
the keeping moving and keeping going was
a a great thing for me, right? Cuz the
average [__] man I ain't got
time for this [__] [__] it. Right. You
know, do whatever.
And yeah, now I kept it going though.
But he kept but he kept the newest car
every time he pulled up to the crib.
Didn't matter. Didn't matter.
And the fact you could walk away from
deals.
ain't going to tell you that. Got clean,
too. Independent or major he pulled up
in the newest [__] the car from the
the next year.
Now you got a joint with Rick Ross on
his joint. Va Shir Ra Right, right,
right.
Fly. Nah, that [__] is dope. That was
nice. Yeah, I mean yo
beautiful thing.
What's What's get busy. It was good,
man. So how did this happen?
Um
I'm trying to think. I don't even know.
Either either
Oh oh well I I asked him to get on one
of my joint for the Ill Will Da 2.
Um Never Enough and then he's like, you
know, and then for that
hop on his joint. So yeah.
And Fat Joe also told me he just did a
record with you as well.
Beautiful.
Yeah, tell tell me about that.
It's beautiful. I mean
with Joe I mean Joe's Joe's a class act
himself.
Um and he was doing the sneaker thing
and um I saw him. He gave me one of the
sneakers they put out. And ironically
couple of days after that we was at the
party, you know what I'm saying? He
sitting right there. We vibing.
I was wrapping the album up. I'm like
keep running into Joe.
Mhm. We got [__] classics and hits
out.
Hold up.
Let's do something, you know what I'm
saying? And uh
that's the next single. We going to put
that out now.
is on this new album. On the new album.
Yeah, it's crazy. So give me the album
again, Tone. Uh Truth Be Told. Truth Be
Told. Truth Be Told. What's your name in
Truth Be Told? It's my truth, right? I'm
just speaking my truth on on these songs
there's there's a truth in there, you
know what I'm saying? And
one of the songs that really I took the
title from was called one of the I'm one
of the greats. Mhm. When you hear that
song you'll see why I say Truth Be Told
cuz
Well, tell us, man. Tell us why you one
of the greats. No, just speak up. We
know why you are.
I never
spoke about
me
transitioning into the hip hop and
what I've been through and where I'm at
now. So that particular song tell you
how I got in the game, why I got in the
game. Before hip hop. Not before, right?
Well, it it it it kind of sums it up.
You know, it's a it's a 3-minute song.
Can't you know what I'm saying? So it
sums it up for me how I got on
what my mindset was, what I've seen
and why I'm here now. Mhm.
So it's a fly fly song. You ever think
hip hop would would get get this far?
Never. Ever. Ever.
I was mad as hell when you see this
[__] what it was [__] up. I was
like, "Oh man, they going to [__] this
this goldmine up, but you know?"
It's what happens. And when you took
that break
did you at ever in that point of that
break say, "I don't want to go back to
this?"
Go back to what? Back back to the music.
No, back to the music. Uh
no no, never. I mean Was it literally
that you wanted to sit back and watch
and then pick the right time to come
back?
You can't pick the time. Cuz this [__]
switching like the sound the sonics
changed. Like I want to come back now,
but if if South got it they got
Atlanta got it. If Midwest got it, you
got to wait.
Well, the difference now radio don't
control it. So sonically That's why
that's why I can jump back in.
I got to be like this. I got to wait to
bust my
Right, That's a lot of us doing it like,
"All right, you got to wait. This ain't
the season. All right, all right." You
know what I'm saying? So yeah. Now you
monetize your fan base. You don't have
to worry about the radio doing that for
you. You can control that.
with technology and all this media and
and what y'all doing is is a beautiful
thing. Right. Who's somebody you want
want to work with that you didn't work
with yet?
I ain't think about that yet. I worked
with a lot of cats, but I'm trying to
think who. Well,
Put it like this. Who
from the older generation
that you haven't worked with that you
want to and someone from the new from
now like right now that's popping.
What's good? Well, of course I never did
nothing with one of my idols Well, I did
with with G Rap, but of course more of
the idols I would love to. Anyone
anyone. You can pick and throw a name in
a hat. Now
you know, I I like I like you know, J
Cole, Lil Baby. I like You and J Cole
the crazy. You know what I'm saying? Um
Yeah.
That's it. I mean I'm sure there's more,
but on the spot
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But J Cole
my [__] right. You know, I ain't really
I'm brain I'm trying to get
get the wind back under my feet.
Now one thing about um you and Nas
particularly is you're both from the
ghetto. You're both from the hood. But
y'all know big words.
Jesus Christ, man.
You do too, [__] I'm going to resource
you. I do too.
I'm going to resource you. Stop that,
MAN. I'M LIKE, "Bitches lost in the
realism like Nas round, I said, "What
the fuck?"
This [__] went to school. He was like,
"90s hip-hop taught a lot of people,
man." Yo, hip-hop school like that's the
teacher right there. Hip-hop school does
all, man.
Listen and it it teach you everything in
hip. All you got to do, you want to know
something, just listen to hip-hop record
and they tell you everything.
Everything. Cuz what I tell people is
even some of the MCs that didn't know
what they were saying, they would go in
encyclopedias and and say words that
rhymed.
The fan was like, "I got to look that
word up." So, it taught like we were all
teaching each other in that way. That's
fact.
But you was you was using big words.
HE GOT SOMETHING IN MIND.
HE GOT SOMETHING
AND NAH, SO I WAS LIKE, "DAMN,
these [__] went to school." Like A
likes the [__] I was like, "Wait a
minute." You had big words when y'all
was battling, you and your man, both of
y'all skipped all the big words.
Here's the big words where we were like,
"It was like keeping it real packing
still in that."
No, he was like, "Don't go for the big
words." Da da da da da da da da da DA
DA.
YO,
HEY, TAKE ANOTHER OH, YO, YOU AIN'T
TOUCHED THE second
drink. You want me to do what? NO, NO,
THEY KEEP FILLING IT UP FOR HIM. NO, he
been drinking. No, he been drinking. He
been drinking. Well, I I just want to
praise you, A, because you you you you
you deserve it, man. Cheers,
Do you know how important you are to
hip-hop? I know I said something like
that.
I'm right here, right? Everybody
Everybody could reach out. We all say
that. I appreciate it though when you
I'm here and people do that, but
you know
people need to reach out more often.
That's why I go to spots. That's why I
reach out. You know what I mean? Because
we here now. I don't want to You don't
want to hear that when it's after the
fact, right?
Right.
So, I appreciate what you showed me the
the shout-out. Beautiful. Oh, it keeps
going. That's beautiful, right?
Let's keep going. I'm just That's just
the videos that That's beautiful. That's
here now, but but um I wanted to show
you
uh tell you
and relate to you how special you are.
There's nobody that, you know, everybody
that I hit, they just sent the video
immediately. What's the reason why
though? Let's let's say that, right? Cuz
I stay out the way.
You know Let everybody
have their own character visions, do
them, you know what I mean? Nobody is
holding them down, right? I just stay
out the way and and my goal is just to
get to it, right? I would I would and
and and not capitalize on on getting to
it.
I wouldn't say the wrong way, but just
you know, I still live by certain morals
and and and principles and morals. So,
I'm out the way, so
anybody that hate on me or say anything
[__] up or
Nobody hate on A Z. I don't understand
it. I understand it. He said why nobody
put A Z, right? Which is You know what I
mean? Right. Love like and I respect
everybody that that that shouted I [__]
with them just as much. Yeah.
And you know
you know the older you get, you more
Dominican you look.
Are you full Dominican? Nah, my mom is
black. Cuz cuz Sunny Z
Sunny D he said that the Z in A Z is Zo.
He claimed you was a Haitian. He said
you not EVEN DOMINICAN.
YOU HAITIAN. ZO PAL.
THAT'S MY STORY.
RIGHT.
WHAT?
Let him talk. Let him talk. Let him
talk. Man, come on. Let him talk. LET
HIM TALK.
I USED TO BE known instead of Sunny Z,
Sunny Z.
There's J Z.
IT'S SUNNY Z.
THAT'S NOT Z.
OH, THEY'RE ALL ZO.
YO, YOU SAYING THEY'RE ALL ZO?
SUNNY SUNNY SUNNY
THEY'RE ALL ZO. THEY'RE ALL ZO. THEY'RE
ALL ZO. THEY'RE ALL ZO.
That was a good one. That was a good
one. [__] that. All right. All right.
But let's let's let's let's keep it with
the Dominican, right? Because
So, you're Dominican. How Dominican How
Dominican It's a two-part question,
right? Because
We found out you're Dominican. We we
love that. Then We always knew he was
Dominican.
Yes, but then we also
Your government name is Anthony Cruz.
Yeah, that's crazy, right? A Anthony
Z That's crazy.
Is that how you came up with A Z?
Nah, that's crazy. That's not how, but
it makes sense. Damn.
That's some crazy [__] though.
Z on Cruz as his A Z? That It makes
sense the beginning and end. The
beginning of the alphabet A to Z.
end. Okay. Yeah. So, that's not how you
came up with the name A Z.
Nah, nah, one one of the one of the
young gods um in Brownsville, he he was
born to the nation. And I guess he was
going from hoods to hoods, you know,
everybody in Brooklyn know him, probably
outside of Brooklyn now. We talking
about when he was young.
And he was he was uh
speaking in that language, you know what
I mean? And and and and it it kind of
attracted me, right? Somebody talking
big words like you said and and he was
my age, probably a year so older. And he
was like, "Yo, man, world, you know you
God, right?" He was like, "This is What
are you talking about? He was like, "No,
Mr. V God, you the original man, Asiatic
man. That's who you the Asiatic. You
actually A Z, no beginning no end."
I was like, "Yo, that [__] crazy. I'm
God." A Z, no beginning no end. Mhm. I'm
home, man.
I'm God. And then I just ran with it,
but but then
that makes sense. That A Z makes sense
as well. There wasn't another A Z, a
street A Z? And yes.
Oh, okay. Okay. Yes, yes, yes, it was.
Yes.
Yes, it was. Yes, it was. Did y'all blow
like I so I I've been I've been an A Z a
couple of times, but as as as the game
go on, I understand what was going on.
You know, he he was in the game. He he
he uh
It was mob style. I knew his name was A
Z. I've been A Z from day one, so I
guess he saw a lane capitalize, which
which was cool, right?
In hindsight I speaks to him. I I I I
gangster Lou, we cool. But I would I
would I'm sure I told him I
I want to be somebody. I wouldn't have
been you, no disrespect cuz it was it
was Dre, y'all. I You know, I like
getting fly and and and
Rich Porter [__] [__] and things
of that nature. I would have been Rich
or Porter. I wouldn't necessarily been
him, but I understand what was going on.
You know, no disrespect to him, but I
understood what was going on at the
time. You know what I mean? I'm green.
I'm in the game. I don't know what's
going on. You know, and when you you
when you coming in the game, you you got
the lions there and they going they
going they going to bite, right? It's
just what it is, but um
good money, man. We good now. We good.
Everybody good. Like we all we good.
Everybody good. Yeah, everybody good
now. God damn.
So, sorry, Sunny, he's not Zo.
But I mean he's Zo, Jason. Dominican
Republic right there. Let's talk about
that affirmative action session.
That was crazy.
Let's talk Let's talk about the four
devils.
Yeah, I I think I on your 5% [__] for
real. I think I was the go-to guy for
the intros. That's what I think at the
end of the day, right? Cuz I was always
talking on intros, but I figured it out.
Intro kid. I figured it out. They were
like,
"Get A in here." Cuz in my mind I think
about it now. I'm like, "I'm talking on
these albums." First off, who did that
beat? Cuz I forgot.
Trackmasters did that.
Trackmasters did that beat?
Yeah. Uh was it the dude Gotti? Yo, he
was Yo, no he
You remember Gotti?
If it wasn't Gotti, I don't know who it
was. You know, Trackmasters consists of
a
slew of
people. Yeah, but yeah, they did that.
And I guess at
it ain't on the intro. That probably
wasn't now. I'm I'm laughing thinking
about it honestly, but it was cool.
Turned out good. So, how did this Where
Where y'all at?
We were We we recorded that in Hit
Factory or
Was it in You know we did the firm album
in Miami. Yeah, at this Hit Factory
here. And
and LA, too. The late the latter. A
little bit of LA, not a lot.
But the firm album action, that was on
Nas' album, second album. Right right
right right right. So, it was in Hit
Factory and um
We always had rooms. We had the We had
Nas always working in one room. I'm
working in one room.
Firm Trackmasters, they working in one
room and we was just bouncing and You
know that. I'm bugging the [__] out. You
can hear bouncing in the booth. People
don't know that. I know, but anyway, so
we bouncing through
You know that the world don't know.
Um but yeah, bouncing and then um I
guess
Nas and Lay's verse it was me
and then um it was it was God, man.
That's who God is. Nice guy. Let's take
one. Let's take Anyway, um He said
"Don't mind me."
I think I did Lay's verse first. I laid
mine as a verse and then
then Mega did his and then
Oh my god, Foxy went crazy. We talking
affirmative action, right? That was
Foxy went crazy. I'm not going to lie to
you.
Foxy went crazy. And then when people
say she don't write her own [__] she
wrote that [__]
Nah, she She wrote
all of that. Nah, Foxy She don't write
that. This is when I knew I wasn't built
for mathematics.
She went in.
She went in. Two quarters of keys.
Swimming away. I'm sitting here trying
to
You were like, "What school did she go
to?"
She went in.
Yeah. You think everybody went to a
different school. And and she did that
in live in front of y'all? Yeah, yeah.
You know, back then we you didn't cancel
no [__] verses, yeah. Yes, yes.
send no You got to be in the studio.
Wow. Back then all them verses everybody
was in the studio. Wow. Changed the
[__] game. Yeah. And you said
she wrote it completely herself.
Completely.
Facts.
Dope. Do you know Lil' Kim? Of course.
Where was you at when you kind of like
seen the turmoil with the two Brooklyn
girls going against each other?
You said
it was It was sad because if they'd got
together, it'd have been a That would
have been the craziest [__] I could
have come together. And they could have
done that and it could have been a
powerhouse.
have been It would have been a problem,
but
[__] happens.
[__] happens. [__] happens.
[__] happens. Yeah, [__] it.
You could like that, A. Forget it. It
don't
matter. Listen, this [__] gumbo IS
SERIOUS, MAN.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
DAMN, MAN. HEY, MAN, you really one of
those guys, man. I really wanted to
We all wanted to give you Everybody from
Drink Champs, you know what I mean, Want
to give you your flowers, man, because
From day one.
From day one, man.
that. Like it's underestimated that how
much we were trying to get you from the
first year we started Drink Champs.
That's real.
We got rumors that you said no, I don't
really want to do Drink Champs. Right. I
I didn't want to do no podcast cuz I it
was like
It was I said then came it just be too
much talking. Guys like, "Yo, you know,
you got some people that like to be in
the front." And and and and they love
the fame, right? I really ain't beat for
the fame. I want the money, right?
Right. I do, right?
And my thing is
My
thing is
My thing is um just like someone can get
a lot of notoriety by being out there.
I've learned from old school like Run
them, they was more laid back and it
brought more mystique. Yeah. So I kind
of Oh, that mystique is over though. It
is over. No, no, no, don't don't It's
not completely over.
jump out the window. I don't know what
you're talking about. I can't jump out
the window, but it's over. He's right.
It's like a lot of [__] is over in the
streets. It's It's just over. But you
you don't have to be all the way out
there. It doesn't It doesn't have to be
Oh, no, I'm never not going to do that.
I ain't worried about that part.
what I'm what I'm saying is um in this
new generation, like you are absolutely
right. Like when I um heard of N.W.A,
I didn't know what Compton was. I didn't
Even kind of when I heard of Shaolin,
like I didn't know Shaolin was that. And
I don't It took me a time Yeah, but
that's because information didn't travel
that fast back then. No internet, no
nothing.
But I would say that don't don't get it
twisted. I think that
especially for the older generation
still does is still being creative, you
can't try to compete with the young guys
that are on social media 24/7 because
that's not your lane and your fans now,
you understand your fight your fans are
still there. Right. Right. Right.
They still there. They just didn't you
wasn't putting something out or they
couldn't didn't know where to find you.
Right. Now you're finding your fans
again and they want you to be you. They
don't want you to be this Right. Right.
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right.
Right. Right. I agree. And they and they
and they respect you for being you. And
if you jump out the window and do some
other [__] you might lose even them,
you know? You [__] yourself up, right?
Yeah. But I mean, to me
again, being the outside looking in, I
never felt like you stepped outside of
your zone. No, no. No, I didn't. That's
what he's saying. Yeah. Yeah. Has Has
there been an opportunity where people
approach you to step outside of your
zone?
I don't know what that mean, but Like
you know
reality shows or some [__] Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. Facts. Yeah. I could not see you
on reality show.
I can. Yeah, they did. Yeah, it's not
I'm like You don't like Love & Hip Hop?
No no no Love & Hip Hop?
I can't I can't
I can't do it. So that's what I'm
saying. So that's why I fall back more
cuz I've seen a lot. Like when I'm
sitting back watching it's like watching
the circus. I be I see the beasts, the
grips. I'm like, "What the [__] is going
on?" Right. You know we couldn't play
that back in the days. It just couldn't
happen. Yeah. And how far away from the
music is that? It's It's over here. It
ain't involved in music no more. That's
what I'm saying. This is the culture and
the music and this is what's going on
over here. Right. So now that's why I
was like, "Okay, but like he said, I
can't that that [__] is over to an
extent. So I'm here. You know, I got to
I got to make my presence felt to an
extent, but I'm not never jumping out
the window. That's never happening.
Right. Right. And we respect that. Just
make some noise for OG.
He is OG.
Man, hey, man. You're a class act,
brother.
Thank you, man. Once again, you know,
man, I appreciate you having me on this
platform cuz cuz you know, like you
said, the world don't know. You always
open the door for me and I was like,
"This Not now." Yeah. Not now. So you
could always be like, "You know what?
Not now. Keep the [__] closed
now." You did? No. No. No. You can't do
no.
He can. He's a good man now, but No. You
know, it's from left field and we know
how you give it up.
I appreciate the transition. HE HE HE
HE DEFINITELY changed man now. Let me
just tell you the truth, man. Hey, you
are a pillar in this community. You are
a legend. You are icon. You are one of
the people the reason why all of us is
here. Everyone is excited here. People
who don't come to Drink Champs when I
said that we had AZ, everyone is saying,
"Yo, man, let's go give him his flowers
the correct way, proper way, the right
way because
you deserve it."
That's right. Thank you. You deserve it.
Thank you. Thank y'all. Thank y'all. And
and and when your fans would get mad at
us and they would be like, "Yo, why is
he We would say, "Nah, the It's a open
door for him whenever AZ is ready." Like
we got to respect like whenever he's
ready to come on. I'm here, man. I'm
glad I made it, man.
Yes. Yes. Beautiful thing. So uh let's
talk about
O No.
How you living?
Oh, LES classic.
I still perform that to this day. It's
crazy. Secret weapon.
put that on it's crazy. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah,
that's that was the LES classic.
That was on the Piece of a Man album. Um
That That was us just on our [__] We
was We was We was in our bag at that
time. We could only play that in certain
certain cities and [__]
Like when we perform that every city.
No, right? Like certain joints we could
play that. Like You remember like that,
A? How to get my life
Yo, foul. East New York [__] Come
on.
You You ain't going to like nothing?
That's something, God. Ah, listen, MAN.
ENJOY. EVERYBODY enjoy theyself.
Okay. Go ahead. My bad. My bad. Nah,
it's just certain certain certain
cities. Like when we was in Richmond,
Virginia. You know what I mean? Like
certain cities that followed the
mixtapes. That was a mixtape joint. Do
you feel that the the the states are
more receptive or overseas to to those
joints?
Nah, both. Ah, both. When it come to
that, both. But but certain songs
though. Like How You Living?
We We We know when to pull that out.
Like we know when to pull that joint out
to you know, on the set put it on the
set. Right. How do you know? By the By
the the aesthetic of the crowd or what's
being played?
by by
By Soon as I walk in and I know. Like
cuz I come out before him. So I already
know by looking at the crowd.
him?
No, I mean I play a little set before
right before he Just warm up you have to
hype up the crowd, right? Absolutely.
So what do you do? You like
I do a little quick mix like just set
the
Like like like
to feel out what what you think is going
to
play. I actually play T O N Y like God
damn you should.
Little two two three bars, go into I 4
9, Broken Language, Luccini.
You telling on me, what are you doing,
man?
You telling ON ME.
Y'ALL COME TO THE SHOW, MAN.
YOU CAN'T EVEN SPEAK AROUND HIM. YEAH.
Y'ALL KNOW.
HE DIRTY.
HE WAS SHOWING LET ME DO A LET ME DO A
LITTLE BROKEN HE
telling He telling him everything.
So we do that. Yo, you know you dirty,
though. He go into my [__] Ray. He come
out and just
So So hey,
if there's anything you could do over,
what would you do over? Nothing.
Nothing?
Nothing. Nothing?
Every lesson is a blessing. I appreciate
it, man. I'm in a good space, man.
Right. And it's
it's really a mental space and and just
I'm in a good space, man. I understand
it all. I see it for what it's worth,
the good, bad, and the ugly. Like I get
it. Right. I get it, you know what I
mean? And I I know how to move and it's
and it's
You know it's just a great thing. I I
just want to how can I bottle it and and
sell it? Cuz like it's You got to have a
maneuver. You got to move maneuver a
certain way, man. And um you got to know
when when when when to How do they say
hold them? When to fold them? When to
walk away? Mhm.
Got to know it. You got to feel it.
Not just a door. It's a feels like a
vibe. You get it, you know what I mean?
Like that vibe saved my life a lot of
times in so many ways. Like even a vibe
on me when they gave me my first
contract and like, "Yo, I have a good
time giving this money." I'm like,
"Wait, what what It says 100%
publishing. No, no, no. You I'm not
doing that. It's a vibe. I don't know
what the [__] publishing was. I was just
being an [__] Right. Right. He
doesn't like 100% of anything. I don't
know what my publishing is because it's
a vibe, right? So it's it's
What's like a vibe that it's just
reading the Drink Champs contract
earlier.
It took like 5 10 minutes for that [__]
I'm like, "I'm your brother. You good."
He missed it. He missed THE 100%
PUBLISHING ON
I GOT YOU.
YEAH, NO.
NO, BUT It do say 100% [__]
This is for perpetuity that you OWE US
NOTHING.
PERPETUITY. THAT THAT MEAN LIFETIME.
LIFETIME.
We can sell this anywhere.
We can sell this [__] in Mars and still
make money off the [__] That
That's
a lot of questions we ask the OGs is um
are the masters back?
Nah, I ain't even seen my masters. I'm
on I'm I'm I'm I'm in the box waiting
for the last two.
I get them loves in the air. And then
people be like, "What you want your
masters for?" right?
It just makes sense when you're
licensing, when you're doing it, you
know what I mean? When you it's just
ownership is everything, you know? It is
everything. And with technology and
things changing, you want to own it. So
yeah, I'm I'm on the last two. I have
two more to go.
Two more to go. You got everything. Got
everything. Leave it to the kids. Leave
it to the kids. They going to They going
to [__] it up anyway. Leave it TO THE
KIDS.
UH [__] YEAH, LEAVE IT TO THE KIDS.
They going to [__] it up. I mean, that's
that's the point. Anyway, they going to
[__] it up. They going to [__] it up.
Let them [__] it up. That's That's a
luxury you need. Yeah, right. Yeah.
Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Man, this has been so [__] [__]
fantastic, man. You what, man? How did
Did we speak about how did y'all Yeah.
Yeah. We did. Yeah. Yeah. He just called
me one day. Like 2012, he just called
me. He was like, "Yo, you ready?"
Cuz I know him since '95.
And um '95 a lot of We were there. Since
'95 I knew him.
Who up drunk dialed him?
No, no. He called me. He called me.
He called me. He He DO was the
connection. DO, Damien. He was the
connection.
But yeah, he called me like, "Let's go."
Let's not underestimate how legendary DO
Op is. Oh, yeah. The The era The era of
mixtape DJs that DO Op comes from in in
his his caliber of of of mixtape DJ and
just DJ in general like that era the
mixtape DJ was controlling everything
because commercial radio
at least across the nation wasn't doing
it.
for the streets. Yeah, like all the
labels had to adhere to the mixtape DJs
and they were giving
him and and me I was in Miami doing it
but he was he was the one I was looking
up to. They were giving us unprecedented
access to artists to music because they
needed us. Yeah, y'all was the first
bootleggers. Nah, man. I don't think
I DON'T THINK
I DON'T THINK THAT'S FAIR.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT YOU KNOW WHAT BUT YOU
KNOW WHAT BUT YOU KNOW WHAT But you know
what they were like like I'mma give you
an example. The label gave you the album
two months early. Sai Sai Harris he
worked for Sony, right? Right. Uh
Columbia whatever it was.
No, hold on hold on.
She would call me she called me one day
and was like I'mma give you Street
Dreams Nas. Right.
I'mma give Flex Rule the World cuz
that's a commercial
That's stealing means stealing [__]
Right. They stealing
They're the ones that's what I'm saying
they're the ones doing the bootlegging.
See I
I didn't rely I didn't rely on that on
that No, I'mma tell I'mma tell you No,
this is why I I have a fence to the
bootlegging thing because mixtapes is a
huge part of the culture.
Absolutely. And this is the part where
where we're getting [__] all of us by
the industry. The the mainstream
industry doesn't give a [__] about hip
hop.
Those A&Rs and those marketing those
marketing executives were like we need
these mixtape guys. We going to give
them these exclusives these leaks. We
going to leak them. And then they would
leak the records to us and then we would
get cease and desist and we would get
sued by their lawyers. TRYING TO [__] US
UP. THEY AIN'T PLAYING Y'ALL. Same
[__] label. Nah, man. [__] out
of here with that [__]
You know what I'm saying? You got those
cease and desists, too. Absolutely. I
know you did. But that's why I I kind of
didn't rely on exclusives. I did the the
freestyle. I had rappers coming to the
studio
to do like exclusives for me. And we
emulated
all the mixtape DJs emulated that. Yeah,
they didn't own that. Well, the only
thing is we was doing it over other
people's beats so that
But that was later on. That came into
play later on.
But Is this rumor true that AZ from Paid
in Full ever sued you or tried to sue
you? He probably did. I don't know. It
wasn't me. Right. Probably record label
I don't know. Right. I'm sure if he did
he didn't get much. I don't know. You
know what I'm being honest. Mhm. He said
that already. He tried. Mhm. He tried.
Yeah.
They don't have no relationship?
I did
I don't know our relationship. I mean he
spoke about
We cool. Yeah, I mean I seen him a
couple times we dialogue. I mean he
ain't sue me.
Sue EMI. He tried to sue EMI. I'm sure
whatever he got good man for him. I mean
you know it's that's the system. You
know what I mean? If he found the
loophole in it enjoy but as I said
before I would I'm never worried.
And you said you and you said earlier
like you said that that name wasn't Uh
come on come on. I'm a [__] guy. That
don't even make sense. All right. But it
was just loophole. You said loophole.
I I could fall in here like oh [__] I'm
suing y'all. I got a loophole. I ain't
hurt myself. Right. It's loophole. But
it was cool. I mean it's
It's oh [__] You know what I mean? It's
like suing the insurance company.
Suing me?
You going to sue me for nothing?
A loophole All right.
[__] it [__] it.
You know I don't even I don't even drink
like that but champagne I drink so I got
champagne campaign. You got to drink
some champagne campaign.
AZ you a classic, man.
Thank you, man. Thank you for having me,
man. I appreciate it. Nah, man. You you
deserve
You deserve everything, man. Yes. Uh we
still got two hours. No, we
got to I'm going to eat. I don't know
what you going to do.
I'll be watching this [__] on YouTube
this [__] be like three hours and 34
minutes.
We got four and a half five hours.
AZ IS LIKE [__] that. Two and a half
hours is good. All right two [__]
let's go. Nah, man. Two and a half is
good. Don't worry about it. Don't worry
about it.
We did we did a good run. Listen.
We just want to give you your flowers.
And I appreciate it, man. Thank you,
bro. Album's out.
Album's out, right? You said what?
Album's out. Album's out now. Yeah,
yeah. Yeah. December 1st but either way
album's out. Truth be told Buff Wild
shout out hip hop at its finest. I feel
great, man. I'm in the yo when you hear
the album I'm in my best shape ever. Oh
man, so good, man.
So then what's next after this? You
going to tour the album? Hopefully I
tour if not I'll be I'll work on another
album movie. I'm just trying to do
everything, man. Y'all should go visit
that haunted mansion y'all was at. Yeah,
we got to figure it out. Yeah, figure it
out, right? Yeah. And do a reality show
where you check the Did we talk about
the Flyers yet?
Flyers gangsters we ain't talk about
that. That was Nas album. Yeah. Let's
talk about that. That was on Stillmatic,
correct?
That's when it that's when when when
Esco was going through what he was going
through but it was a it was a good look.
Cuz we always we always make classics
and that's the I performed that at the
Source. That's that's a that's a good
song and that's all the shows. That's a
big joint. Yeah,
that's one of them classics right there,
man. Mhm.
Flyers gangsters, huh? How how did that
happen? Where where where was y'all at?
Studio we was in of course in What's
that What the
I don't know if that was a Hit Factory
or
It had to be the Hit again or
Sony had a studio. Sony at the same
block as Hit Factory.
Yeah, Sony studio 44th Street same Yeah,
that's where it was. Sony um
And once again that's LES G. But LES had
classics. Yeah. Nah, LES We were there
in the studio like at that time. You
know that's the time like you said
analog. Right. Yeah.
Okay, so I'mma this is the last
question. Sure.
God comes down. Right.
What happened? Right.
He says
A
You got one chance to save your life.
Right.
You can make one record. Right.
Who's the producer you picking to make
that one record save you your life
everyone
the one producer you
Saving your life. To save the life of
humanity. Yeah.
Stargate.
You want to take a shot?
You wanted to take a I feel like you
should take a shot.
You take a little sip. Um
I got a shot.
Let's take a shot. Who would I do that?
One record to save humanity.
I got it. The producer?
Yes.
And you.
Berry Gordy, man. Producer. Berry Gordy?
Producer.
Berry Gordy.
How about Quincy Jones though? Quincy
Jones would be Quincy or Berry either
one of them.
Quincy or Berry.
Salute.
AZ, man. Yes. Cheers to hip hop.
Yeah.
AZ, thank you so much.
Mag I use the bathroom, too. Hold on.
Let me let me finish this and then we
going to use the bathroom. And we going
to part ways. Yes.
Do [__] AZ, thank you brothers both
coming here
being exactly who you guys are.
Guys are legends. Absolutely. Icons.
We wanted to salute that, man. Thank
y'all so much, man.
Show that to tour.
When you come back we take a pictures
and stuff.